Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the sun sinks in the sky turning the walls of the Canyon a golden red you all are standing looking at the dead bodies of a gotta dust mother and her servant summer key.
Timothy Sackton: It has only been a few minutes now, since you emerged from chicagoans around at the prompting of Jimmy now a strange wooden puppet child to find Center facing off against a gotta and some work.
Timothy Sackton: Despite the swarm of locusts, the freezing blast of cold that nearly killed seeker and kenzo and well being turned into a centipede in scooped up in a glass jar you managed to defeat these photos.
Timothy Sackton: Now, as you stand catching your breath Center runs into the wellspring and emerges with chicagoans heart and her daughter still mostly made of wood.
Timothy Sackton: She is holding Jimmy tears streaming down her face as she looks in relief in horror at her daughter alive and yet seemingly transformed by I gotta into something that is not quite human.
Timothy Sackton: You can hear her murmuring you are safe, now, it will all be okay now, but to your ears, it is clear, there is a note of doubt in her voice.
Timothy Sackton: As you stand, looking around the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: wondering what to do next let's start by having you each do a quick description of your character in this moment as the battle has just ended.
David (he/him): Welcome well be is standing over the body of a gotcha like wiping off the blood that splashed back on from the final point blank kill shot and then picking out little pieces of glass that are stuck mostly into his Armor and not into a skin from the JAR that he came out through.
David (he/him): he's not that injured from the fight as a whole.
David (he/him): But shaken up you know he's a pretty worldly maybe the most of us, and so this like invisible flying monsters and magic lightning bolts like these are things that are known well from stories but it's another thing to experience them.
So he's.
David (he/him): Finding refuge in the sort of routines of things recovering arrows checking the flushing you know padding down and through everything to sort of things that Center him back down again, and then the weirdness.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker is in as rough shape as maybe you've ever seen him.
Eric Rosenbaum: of his 17 beard braids at least three have actually come undone and it's not immediately rebranding them he's got a kind of thousand years stairs thousand yard stare but he's actually staring directly at.
Eric Rosenbaum: The wellspring.
Eric Rosenbaum: And just kind of.
Eric Rosenbaum: crouched on the ground zoomed out.
Mike Sackton: dollop is standing your a God has body.
Mike Sackton: still holding holding the silver sceptre that she dropped.
Mike Sackton: and his his sword has vanished there's a little wisp of shadow coming off his Armor.
Mike Sackton: And he looks.
Mike Sackton: Like he's remembering battles of the past.
Mike Sackton: He often has kind of a.
Mike Sackton: faraway walk after an intense combat like he's.
Mike Sackton: Trying to bring himself back from memories of far worse combats.
Mike Sackton: But he sees he's also sort of idle holding this this up.
John Leeker: Your car.
Mike Sackton: snaps out of it and looks down at the Center for a moment, like where did this come from, I wonder what this is.
John Leeker: Jeff cobb is physically untouched, I think he was the only person that didn't get hit with anything.
John Leeker: But he's just exhausted out of breath and he for the first time, is aware that he's very, very far away from the mountains and that's really sinking in as he walks in this kind of arid vaguely unreal Val like it's heading how far he is away from home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo is is looking really beat up like his his you know robe and tunic are like torn he's like he doesn't you know he he hit he and seeker obviously took like the brunt of the Arctic blast and stuff he's still kind of like shivering a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if there's a full on like chunks of ice on him but he's like you know, like definitely for a desert there is like you know he's he's he's like shivering cold leaning heavily on his staff and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: still trying to catch his breath, but also is kind of out of also kind of watching Sintra and and Jimmy and kind of making sure that they're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There they seem to be okay, but really also just pretty stunned, and you know he's died again he died again right kenzo kensal got zero points again, so this is like now it's third death in the not dying three times and few months is like kind of a you know.
Timothy Sackton: Right alive only.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, died once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, when with during the ceremony.
Timothy Sackton: yeah falling to zero points is just like you know being knocked out right you're not dad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still there's.
Timothy Sackton: But yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was mostly then.
Timothy Sackton: Then the race right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right.
David (he/him): three deaths, for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we should we should find some way to.
Eric Rosenbaum: To mark that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I yeah I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My eyebrows let's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah exactly yeah well, I think, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tesla is going to find a good tattoo artists.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To badge on rounds, to help but he's going to commemorate three deaths deaths in some fashion, on his body probably but anyways he said he's leaning heavily but, but you know grateful that the battles over and and i'm wondering when the how he can get out of the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: So funny expression comes over seekers face he sort of listen I bro come to a realization looks around him and sort of like starts patting his pockets.
Eric Rosenbaum: And finally, turns around and from the bottom of his pack he pulls a tiny glowing white object is fear the pearl of power and he closes his eyes and mutters over it for a second.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then grasps it in his fists and goes over to Sintra.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: can make no guarantees, but I have.
Eric Rosenbaum: An idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: For a way that we might be able to heal your daughter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Assuming she's not normally in this state of being wouldn't just normal person.
Eric Rosenbaum: That true.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, of course, and.
Timothy Sackton: anything.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think I have any magic that can.
Timothy Sackton: That can fix this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I I don't know if I do either, but I have an idea for or something to try, if you'll give me a minute my.
Eric Rosenbaum: powers are nearly expended but.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see if this works and seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: crouches down in front of Jimmy.
Eric Rosenbaum: makes a complex ruin in the air casting.
Eric Rosenbaum: But won't even let me do it, how do I do it let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Are you wow you don't worry about it, you, you have to clear this probably our doesn't automatically clear the spot, you need to manually create the slot and then you can hit cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I did that okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: That work.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a.
Timothy Sackton: Make intelligence check and add.
Timothy Sackton: make an intelligence checking on one.
Timothy Sackton: So role at D 20 and add five.
Mike Sackton: is a good time for all 20.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you.
Timothy Sackton: As you concentrate, you can feel this is complicated magic this is this is.
Timothy Sackton: trickier than anything you've ever seen before.
Timothy Sackton: But you you sort of see now kind of looking at Jimmy and, as you cast the spell you, you have this kind of brief vision of of these sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Green sort of rotting green tendrils that are kind of wrapped around her and you see exactly where to pluck to begin to unravel them.
Timothy Sackton: And just kind of with your with your mind you start to just pick it that little not and then the rest of you watching the you are sort of in this almost in a trance state just kind of watching you can you can see the flow of magic through that sustaining the spell um.
Timothy Sackton: And as you sort of twist ah, the rest of you watch as from the top of her head slowly down to her feet, this sort of brown substance just begins to melt off of her and flow.
Timothy Sackton: down.
Timothy Sackton: Slowly revealing a flashy normal human body, as it fades away.
Timothy Sackton: And what the wood gone, you can see that she's you know.
Timothy Sackton: A young girl, maybe probably no more than three years old, with dark shoulder length hair sort of light light ish brown skin big curious brown eyes and the still a sort of chubby.
Timothy Sackton: um you know almost sort of baby fat face that was just hidden by this would that was binding and and sort of becoming her.
Timothy Sackton: And as the last word fades.
Timothy Sackton: off of her you hear a snap like something cracking from a governance body from a pouch around her waist.
Timothy Sackton: And Center looks up not I mean she knows that the spell magic as a spell but i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So not amazed that you could do this but incredibly grateful and obviously this isn't magic that she knows and.
Timothy Sackton: Just sort of overwhelmed with gratitude for a moment and she sort of reaches out and puts our arms around you and, as you know, thank you, thank you seeker, this is.
Timothy Sackton: I couldn't have asked for anything more and to me is sort of grabs onto you to like like tries to climb onto your lap and it's like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, trying to play with your beard and stuff looking at you like you know she was clearly kind of scared and now is like last time to you, as you know her savior.
Timothy Sackton: i'm one of the rest of you doing well seeker saves the day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I was like watching this whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The whole scene unfold this like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In off, just like wow like dude drew some rooms in the sky and like melted away this you know curse from this like insanely powerful hag that'd be like nearly killed, all of us and it just kind of in off looking at secret like holy shit.
Mike Sackton: That was walks over to the body and looks for where the what was broken.
Timothy Sackton: So I gotta in depth looks like a weather and pale ancient woman sort of gotten dried dried out um.
Timothy Sackton: She has like a rope bout that has four pouches hanging off of it and the sound clearly came from from one of these for pouches um.
Timothy Sackton: She also has around her neck just to kind of describe what you see as you go and look over at her there's a necklace that's a copper chain, on which a number of what appeared about a dozen would appear to be dried tongues are strong.
Timothy Sackton: Three fingers have rings one a doll playing silver band that every time you look at it it's like your tension slides off of it it's hard to focus on.
Timothy Sackton: Another is a silver band with the small polished obsidian gemstone in the Center and the third is and unadorned but braided like twisted braids of gold band.
Timothy Sackton: Also hanging from our belt, in addition to these four.
Timothy Sackton: pitches is i'm.
Timothy Sackton: On a braided twine loop a pendant about that big of a fly made of some dark stone obsidian or something similar, and also a wand of smooth light white would that strict with green green and she's wearing sort of whitish Gray robe that are dusty but in good shape and sturdy boots.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that'd be careful with that body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There may be a godsend missile have traps left for us.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I haven't touched it yet.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, the sound clearly came from one of the four pitches.
Mike Sackton: I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: touch all the objects.
Mike Sackton: That, I will just touch everything and said, I felt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no.
Mike Sackton: delafield sort of take a step back after seeing the sound and start sort of.
Mike Sackton: Medicine, you know kind of interest, a little bit of a trance and sort of has a very distant look on his face tell i'm going to use.
Mike Sackton: America site.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: America psych.
Mike Sackton: This is like my detect magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mike as a.
Mike Sackton: As a soul America that.
Mike Sackton: The God, of the one of it, the wild star.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does it does it give you Donald trump's division like what.
Mike Sackton: You see magic.
David (he/him): Lets you see things that aren't there.
Mike Sackton: aren't there yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could borrow my God those a few articles.
Timothy Sackton: In that 10 Minutes that takes for this ritual to complete six interest still just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: comforting Jimmy and then takes her over to Camp to try and get her to eat something and settle down a little bit in the tent just so that she can rest after what has been a stressful several months um.
Timothy Sackton: Is there anything the rest of you want to do.
David (he/him): So well i'm gonna head over to the slot Canyon entrance.
John Leeker: And just check yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's gonna say like are we actually safe just.
Timothy Sackton: make a perception check.
John Leeker: For cod is thinking, the same thing.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody has triggered the.
Timothy Sackton: The pit trap yet, but you can definitely hear sounds of movement.
Timothy Sackton: Echoing up the Canyon it's a little bit hard to tell because of the way the Canyon is shaping the way sound echoes how far away, it is, but something is definitely coming.
Timothy Sackton: Coming but, but you probably you know your gas would be you have it, you know minimum of 2030 minutes, possibly as many as a few hours and you'll certainly be warned before anything arrives because they'll have to somehow navigate the the pet.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: We had.
Eric Rosenbaum: pulled can draw so we would.
Eric Rosenbaum: check in with him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Once we knew.
Eric Rosenbaum: What we checked in with him we told them the whole plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, we already used you're sending.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forgot about that or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: send a message to right.
Mike Sackton: yeah totally.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I accidentally crossed off the speak with the dead scroll because we have not used that.
Timothy Sackton: You haven't used that you've used.
Timothy Sackton: One of your to sending and you've used the tongues.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, good.
Timothy Sackton: But you still have speak with dad and the second Sunday.
David (he/him): To money.
David (he/him): And i'll see if I can call a bird just to get an aerial picture and i'm especially interested like is everyone coming in, or are they sending people out like is that group breaking up or are they all coming in.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The past few days it's been like as you've been in the wellspring it's been very quiet like unnervingly quiet in terms of animal life, you really haven't seen many animals around since you.
Timothy Sackton: Since you came within a few miles of the wellspring and there's nothing really.
soaring at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: And you're certainly welcome to sneak up yourself but.
Timothy Sackton: But there's not a lot of wildlife around at the moment.
John Leeker: Sure crowd is.
John Leeker: signaling like Todd has healing spells and mending.
John Leeker: If we need to.
John Leeker: have more threats are coming.
John Leeker: Through cod is able and willing to help people recover somewhat.
John Leeker: Because half of us are pretty beat up right now.
Mike Sackton: Now, with actually looks surprisingly healthy, despite having taken a fair bit of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker is drained noticeably.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think seeker and kenzo are the ones who are pretty well has well be.
David (he/him): A great you know better, better than 75% I think I took one hit, I took the part of the kind of cold and that was it.
David (he/him): made my safe so i'm i'm a pretty good shape, you know, I was going to suggest like mechanically that we take a short rest.
David (he/him): yeah i'm like well, we can post up by the entrance of the cavern and or Canyon and.
John Leeker: Actually, I can I have an alarm spell I can use.
John Leeker: Oh it's only 30 feet, though.
Timothy Sackton: You can you can this is this is from your staff right, you can use.
Timothy Sackton: It see so you can you can mark an area that's a 20 foot by 20 foot cube and anything that crosses the area.
Timothy Sackton: You are you are alerted to, no matter how far away, you are.
John Leeker: Okay, so i'll i'll walk.
Timothy Sackton: You could certainly alarm like.
Timothy Sackton: Now bobby's estimate is that the the.
Timothy Sackton: sounds that he's hearing could be here, and as soon as 30 minutes, so you don't necessarily.
Timothy Sackton: have time to take a short rest, you can certainly start a short.
Timothy Sackton: Although you still need a weight that 10 minutes for the ritual to finish before God with could start a short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, well deal with is is meditating on the corpse and it's valuables I stumble over and put my leather framed purple crystal goggles on to just pure without poking.
Timothy Sackton: Ah Okay, is there anything in particular that you are looking at among the Rings the the necklace of.
Timothy Sackton: power, I mean the pouches are all pretty plain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is.
Timothy Sackton: thick leather patches um except for one which is really more like a like a potion holder and there's a.
Timothy Sackton: You can see poking out from the top of the of the pouch a like at the top of like a smoky glass vial.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: And then on the the summer key who retains is sort of giant form and death has the huge spike club and he is also wearing a brass ring with a garnet sat in the middle of it and has a pouch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, he might have a ring of invisibility they might both have powerful rings that allowed us.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep fly or be invisible or some they.
Mike Sackton: Probably have lots of magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a limit to him on the usage of my.
Timothy Sackton: goggles to it, so you can cast identify once per day.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's one object.
Timothy Sackton: that's one object.
Timothy Sackton: You can also use, you can use the arcana the bonus to.
David (he/him): I have to run the dugout to pee, but I feel like this is a good moment because you're going to work through the stuff and well these off.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, keeping watch okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: sounds good.
Timothy Sackton: um so you can cast identify once per day, you can use your ability, you can use the.
Timothy Sackton: What is it, it gives you something about our economy to right, although you already have expertise in our economy, how useful, that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right um.
Timothy Sackton: So you can pick one thing to identify and then tomorrow, you can do another thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: are so many things.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't even know what magic yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so the goggles on tell me which things are magical.
Timothy Sackton: it's not the deck magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Man that's a doublet steering right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's what that with us during he'll be done in a few minutes.
um.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess it's everything is magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: So so as your sort of poking around and as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so wants to learn more about the wellspring from.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
From Sintra.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: started up now's a good time to ask her questions.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah hold on one SEC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ricardo, if you want to heal heal brother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's pretty sweet.
John Leeker: yeah what are, what are your head points at.
13.
John Leeker: So I will.
John Leeker: cure wounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: um I.
Eric Rosenbaum: stumble over.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, can you do that again.
John Leeker: cast.
John Leeker: Your wounds again.
Timothy Sackton: So as that as you're doing this now dealt with your your ritual finishes.
Timothy Sackton: So it's now been about 10 minutes, since well be went to scout.
Timothy Sackton: So um yes, most of most of her most of what I gotta and Sam murky are carrying is in fact magic so.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to cast a chant.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and carefully remove in line up each of the magical items with the agent.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so the next class of dead humanoid dried out humanoid tongues does magical yeah some kind of divination magic and you remove it from her neck lesson with the main agenda nothing seems to happen.
Timothy Sackton: i'm the boots she is wearing our magical radiating some kind of illusion magic.
Timothy Sackton: That often nothing seems to happen as you.
Timothy Sackton: remove them from her feet.
Mike Sackton: With the magic is before you tell me, nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the the doll silver ring that's hard to look at it is aberration magic.
Mike Sackton: yeah okay i'll pull that off to.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was iteration I think.
Timothy Sackton: it's like protection.
Mike Sackton: Protection Defense here okay.
Timothy Sackton: um the braided gold band is illusion.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Also, nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The obsidian fly.
Timothy Sackton: is also.
Timothy Sackton: transmutation magic.
Mike Sackton: um if that went away it's a fly it probably turns you into a fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe he used to turn will be centipede over.
Mike Sackton: That one i'm a little skeptical of what else is there.
Timothy Sackton: don't touch that one the wand, the smooth white one strict with green Green is education magic.
Mike Sackton: it's fine it's probably one the fireballs or cold.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and the sector that you're holding is.
Timothy Sackton: receptor complicated yeah it's definitely stronger magic than the others, and it seems to be mostly enchantment focused.
Mike Sackton: All right, i'll put that in the but all of realm of things to.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and then the brass ring that Sam MARQuIS is wearing his APP duration magic.
John Leeker: What Sam duration.
Mike Sackton: Protection action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Defense i'm standing by deal with as he's moving things around kind of watching them carefully to the goggles tonight I lift them over my eyes and look over adele and say.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm which which one of these things to the sector, probably right I should investigate a little more.
Mike Sackton: Sectors quite complex but.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna go for it and I snapped and down over my face.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'll get to that in a SEC so then from the patches.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see inside them so yeah.
Mike Sackton: OK patches with me chant.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so what one second there first of all, you can see, the one that's like a bottle holder, you can see the top of this.
Timothy Sackton: smoky glass file, and that is radiating conjugation energy.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'll i'll open it and take it out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it's like a it's like a potion bottle but it's this like smoky glass, so you can't see inside and when you lift it out of the pouch you can hear a constant buzzing from inside the glass, but as you place it in a line nothing seems to happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before.
Timothy Sackton: The robes and the silver ring with the obsidian are not magical nor is her belt or anything else said mark his.
Timothy Sackton: weapon is not magical arts bike club and.
Mike Sackton: What brought what i'm going to walk actually TIM tactically America site says, you can sense magic even if hidden from sight.
Timothy Sackton: You can sense it, but you can't you can sense the presence of magic.
Mike Sackton: And right so.
Mike Sackton: perceive the are even though I can't see the thing.
Timothy Sackton: You can't perceive an aura if you can't that would make it too strong, then it would be equivalent to see and visibility, it would be.
Timothy Sackton: sure you can just sense the presence of.
Timothy Sackton: A walking through a room and.
Timothy Sackton: there's a magic thing in a chest, you can sense the presence of that right, although technically, since you have lots of magic items, you always sends magic so really basically it's only things you can see.
Timothy Sackton: So you're going to take the take open up the pouch that broke.
Mike Sackton: yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um this pouch contains four.
Timothy Sackton: carefully constructed small wooden statues, one of which has snapped in half.
Timothy Sackton: And each one is details with incredible likeness a person.
Timothy Sackton: And as you line them up, the one that snapped in half is.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, do me it's a young girl three years old looks exactly like.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa.
Timothy Sackton: The other as an older hassling man.
Timothy Sackton: easily in his 80s or 90s, with a wrinkled face stain traveling clothes blue eyes and curly Gray hair.
Timothy Sackton: A young woman, maybe around 16 with dark brown skin and long braided black hair wearing ill fitting chain mail and carrying a spear.
Timothy Sackton: And the last is a middle aged man, maybe 50 wearing stained and obviously repeatedly mended writing clothes with short cropped white hair.
Timothy Sackton: sort of lightly tanned with a bony line face and a bow and quiver on his back and they're all there, maybe like like eight inches or eight inches tall roughly um and they all radiate strong transmutation magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we recognize anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like now.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the guy that we saw in a stone statue.
Timothy Sackton: You don't recognize any of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: or less also no okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Timothy Sackton: They looked at these are ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: or Anders was an artist named heflin.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but the the young woman in the middle, aged man or yeah they're probably Denmark, he certainly the style of clothes looks kind of vaguely done Mari but like i'm out of fashion it's not the current style anyway Hello.
Timothy Sackton: Make um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see yeah you're sort.
Timothy Sackton: Of fairly familiar making investigation check.
Mike Sackton: can make it investigation check.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you don't How would you know done Marty, the history of done Marty fashions I.
Mike Sackton: guess that's true.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly older.
David (he/him): Making investigation.
David (he/him): With raw I guess i'm not there right now.
Timothy Sackton: you're not there, but if somebody wants to go get well, but you can definitely make a racial memory investigations.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys were looking at sports.
David (he/him): uh no, you said little statues wasn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep little statues, the rest of the little statues of people that that God has cursed since some fashion and he's got little she's got a little voodoo dolls of each of them.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly so one with Jimmy that was broken in half, there was an older halfway man, a young dunmore a woman as far as you can tell kenzo there you know, probably.
Timothy Sackton: Like generations ago.
Timothy Sackton: um This is like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, looks looks like historical from your son's.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to place exactly how.
Mike Sackton: They can I make an investigation check and see if they are date back to time.
sure.
Timothy Sackton: they're not that old.
John Leeker: What are they what are they made from wood.
Timothy Sackton: Wood are carved out of wood and then painted in really intricate detail.
John Leeker: But I do a nature check on the world to see if that provides location of where it could be from age of the water any other context does.
um.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to pick them up.
Timothy Sackton: You need to you could pick up the one that's broken in half and examine that.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't have to pick it up.
John Leeker: yeah so i'll pick up the broken one presumably I glanced over and everybody else this.
John Leeker: is reasonably safe.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you can yes sure making nature jack.
Mike Sackton: Is there still magic in the broken one.
Timothy Sackton: Before he doesn't know.
Mike Sackton: Okay, yes, all dealt with will say that it's.
Mike Sackton: it's it the spell has left this item.
John Leeker: So I examine the wood, how it bro the grain trying to have any contacts.
John Leeker: i'm knowledge of nature.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: there's nothing particularly notable about it, you know it's probably some you know there's there's an there's trees that grow in the desert like scraggly desert tree type things it doesn't look like it's like.
Timothy Sackton: Really unusual wood from far away, or like from you know the.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like you know fancy mahogany or anything it just looks pretty typical to you.
John Leeker: Is it like wood from this area.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: If if you can't.
Timothy Sackton: You can't really like TAO you can't like place exactly where it was from it could be like oh or or you know mabel it could be from forests west of the mountains, but it's not from some it's not like really exotic would it could easily be local as well.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry well be, are you going to make.
David (he/him): Someone want to grab.
Timothy Sackton: somebody's gonna go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay awesome.
David (he/him): To say investigation.
Timothy Sackton: Investigation yeah, but you can add your your racial memory roll if you want to.
David (he/him): Yes.
David (he/him): So 17 altogether.
Timothy Sackton: 17 okay um.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: hmm so you actually do briefly sort of recognize the half line.
Timothy Sackton: and use you slip into.
Timothy Sackton: into a memory.
Timothy Sackton: As you kind of stare at this at this figure.
Timothy Sackton: You kind of you kind of fade back and and you don't get a ton of ton of detail um but you see.
Timothy Sackton: As you sort of fall backwards it's hard to tell how long ago, you are this memory is.
Timothy Sackton: But you see a caravan traveling a pretty well armed and defended caravan traveling five wagons.
Timothy Sackton: A whole extended clan of half links.
Timothy Sackton: And they seem to be crossing.
Timothy Sackton: terrain sort of like this, like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, probably somewhere on the road between CARA and bass it based on your your experience traveling these roads, you can place them and all you really see is is, you see this figure i'm sitting on the lead, why again sort of the lead.
Timothy Sackton: The Patriarch of this trading family as they had South on the road to.
Timothy Sackton: Probably stop for some goods Ambassador before cutting west to go to us candy or or somewhere along the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: But that's all you got.
John Leeker: To crowd.
John Leeker: didn't the doll speak to us, and she was in the water.
John Leeker: Then she tell us to.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that was so Jimmy was was when she entered the water, she was like four fifths wooden puppet and one fifth human and her face from like her chin to the top of her head was human but her hair was what and she she spoke and she was like walk waddling like a sort of puppet.
Timothy Sackton: But it wasn't this doll it was actually her.
John Leeker: And the water didn't activate her.
Timothy Sackton: The water didn't seem to do anything.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And she said no right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah but What did she say that.
Mike Sackton: For us to go song us to attack.
Timothy Sackton: wow presumably, you know that Center I can talk to people.
Timothy Sackton: In their minds.
Timothy Sackton: You know she has the message can't drive because she was talking to you.
Timothy Sackton: Please.
Timothy Sackton: Central said.
Timothy Sackton: to her, as she was entering the wellspring tell them now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: That make sense.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so there's still two patches and the obsidian fly.
Mike Sackton: i'll open the other two patches.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the first pouch is like probably the biggest and heaviest pouch when you pick it up with Mitch hands um.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's thick letter it sort of jingles when you dump it out, you see it contains a piece of ember with a spider trapped inside of it, which is magical concentration energy.
Timothy Sackton: i'm a stone that looks quite similar to one to the one that you saw on set MARQuIS holding and speaking into that is magical with transmutation energy.
Timothy Sackton: A small handful about four uncut gems that are have not magical and then beautiful and clearly very valuable and well cut diamond that is also not magical.
Mike Sackton: I will.
Mike Sackton: move the magic stuff into the magic pile.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And you're still not.
Timothy Sackton: Okay it's not my.
Mike Sackton: freakin i'm not turning into a fly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I don't trust that thing.
Timothy Sackton: And then the Third, the last pouch and when you dump it out, there are the dried bodies of four Scorpions.
Timothy Sackton: That do not seem to radiate magic.
Mike Sackton: I will, I will point at the fly and say this thing is full of transmutation energy I don't trust it.
Mike Sackton: But anybody who.
Mike Sackton: wants to explore it.
Mike Sackton: Maybe wait till secret has another one of those dispel magic's.
Timothy Sackton: Are you gonna do anything with the Scorpions.
Mike Sackton: just leave them in the sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exit they're just dead dried out Scorpions.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Why would she have a bunch of dead dried out Scorpions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ingredients.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it's not clued in some cultures.
The DM is smiling.
Timothy Sackton: You can leave them in the fam that's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because they have something magic hidden inside of them.
Mike Sackton: Could.
Timothy Sackton: There are ways to shield.
Timothy Sackton: items from the detect magic spell.
John Leeker: Also, are they normal.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they're normal.
Timothy Sackton: At least from.
Timothy Sackton: A distance they look normal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you know kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Churches notice does like kind of looking at these items and kind of just like ginger, what do you think of these these Scorpions and any of these other items.
Timothy Sackton: Well she's currently in the tent with Germany right now trying to get to me settled, you can go getter if you want.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Having in summer key just had the ring.
Timothy Sackton: Summer he had the ring in a pouch.
Mike Sackton: i'll open the pouch as well.
Timothy Sackton: Okay inside the pouch is another stone that looks the same as.
Timothy Sackton: The one that's on I got to that is also transmutation and magical.
Mike Sackton: So I will deal with will sort of stand up, having spent maybe 15 minutes now kind of moving around items and staring at them magically and so forth, and say there seems to be quite a lot of.
Mike Sackton: treasure here to sort through.
Mike Sackton: But I think, for the moment i'm going to go see if to me could use a meal.
Mike Sackton: If all of us could use a meal.
Mike Sackton: see what I can do to help.
Mike Sackton: Sintra.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you're kind of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That good.
John Leeker: Good so your conflict.
Mike Sackton: Because you just.
John Leeker: Take from promised.
David (he/him): Oh, we lost you for a SEC.
Timothy Sackton: you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lucky.
Timothy Sackton: you're lucky and clear.
No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Boston so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: going to talk with her about the wellspring.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So well everybody's looking at magic items, you can go into the tent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I just I poked my head and just to see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, she is she kind of holds her like Jimmy looks like she's almost asleep and she's like rubbing her back and she's kind of whispers to you give me five minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sends us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no rush.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We got all the 15 minutes in the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to use the goggles on this hector.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: done Dun Dun.
Timothy Sackton: So the saboteur it's about a foot long constructed in silver with these five loops that form like a ball at the head and each one of that each of those loops is set, with little small diamonds that always seem to be catching the light and drawing your attention to the sector.
Timothy Sackton: When you first.
Timothy Sackton: Look at it.
Timothy Sackton: It feels old and when you look at it through the goal goggles that seems even older and yet it doesn't seem tarnished or worn at all.
Timothy Sackton: And when you.
Timothy Sackton: When you begin to try and.
Timothy Sackton: understand the magic of this thing um.
Timothy Sackton: You you get the sense that this is somehow.
Timothy Sackton: A item that is that thrives on control and command, and that is a an item for bending others to your well.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The most obvious thing that you can understand about its as its powers is that it allows the user to it allows whoever is the you know attuned to it and possesses that to someone and our of command.
Timothy Sackton: Which while this aura lasts.
Timothy Sackton: You can basically every.
Timothy Sackton: Word you speak functions as the command spell so in game mechanical terms, you can expend a charge to summon the or of command, while the our last our last for one minute and well last you can cast the command spell as a bonus action at well.
Timothy Sackton: And each command you speak is spoken in all languages simultaneously so effects anybody who understands any languages at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: freaky that's very powerful.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's seems.
Timothy Sackton: You can't even with identify, there is something about this sector that you can't fully understand and there's you can tell there's more to it than just this even though that in and of itself is quite powerful um.
Timothy Sackton: But it is.
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: is to be you need to study it more to fully understand the mirror the property yes.
Mike Sackton: yep mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The mirror but.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should just spend.
Mike Sackton: Two months just showing things in front.
Mike Sackton: Of the mirror and they're like.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we we already do like do anything we can hang out and Caroline.
Mike Sackton: recuperate and just show things to the mirror for the next two.
Eric Rosenbaum: Months Nice.
John Leeker: Should we bury the bodies.
David (he/him): We should burn the bodies.
Mike Sackton: You should certainly not give them a respectful burial, these are cursed bodies.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we are in the wellspring of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now.
Mike Sackton: I would ask centuries advice on the best way to dispose them yeah great.
Timothy Sackton: As at this point she emerges from the 10 having gotten Jimmy to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: And kind of looks around at everybody.
Timothy Sackton: mix of emotions flashing across her face but mostly when she looks at secret gratitude.
Timothy Sackton: And she She then says.
Timothy Sackton: We should.
Timothy Sackton: All I think rast if we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What should we do with the bodies Chandra.
Timothy Sackton: burn them.
Eric Rosenbaum: here.
David (he/him): guys, we have company.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
David (he/him): It just hit the pit trap.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to quickly chug a.
Eric Rosenbaum: healing potion.
Timothy Sackton: sentra sighs she says.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: how's everybody feeling.
John Leeker: Tired excellent.
Timothy Sackton: I can.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody need healing I can.
Timothy Sackton: should be able to give you all a little healing to if you need it.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just like i'm drinking a healing potion I could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Use some more actually.
Timothy Sackton: She.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: said.
Mike Sackton: I could use some healing but it's not urgent.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so actually sorry she's not going to do that she's gonna cast.
Timothy Sackton: um so she will motion for everybody who's saying they need healing to come over.
Timothy Sackton: And she will cast.
Timothy Sackton: Your wounds that third at third level.
Timothy Sackton: On.
Timothy Sackton: On kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Which heals you 20 points.
Timothy Sackton: And then, who else needed healing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay same thing.
Mike Sackton: needed a little bit of.
Timothy Sackton: 19 for you seeker and now she's out of third level slots, so you will get a.
Timothy Sackton: She wants to save her first you'll get a first level which is 10.
Mike Sackton: pretty good you dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: Down with gets 10.
Mike Sackton: That puts me.
Eric Rosenbaum: relax and i'm maxed out again, but I am I am short on spill slots.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where we have the test sharps.
nope.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to show wrist.
John Leeker: Oh far away.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, your alarm just trapped.
John Leeker: are getting close.
Timothy Sackton: So somebody has gotten past the pit.
Eric Rosenbaum: trap, I remember to take off the goggles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lucky now.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So you still have the fire alarm.
told by the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God I forgot about that.
Timothy Sackton: It lasts for an hour it's only been 20 it's only been 30 minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's it do it what's it been doing this whole time.
Timothy Sackton: it's just standing there you haven't given them any commands just standing there casting light and flaming.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like absent mindedly.
Eric Rosenbaum: wore my hands by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then that into the pit.
Mike Sackton: um I also dealt with shadow.
Mike Sackton: slips off or at least a shadow we think kind of like deal with shadow shadow sorta is still there after this happens, but like it looks like his shadows flying off.
Mike Sackton: As a shadow creature flies up into the air.
Mike Sackton: And goes flying off towards the wherever the alarm was.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am suggests that the thermal until.
Eric Rosenbaum: That direction as well.
Timothy Sackton: So this here is the entrance to the slot Canyon I just kind of drew the pit trap on here in a crew drawing.
Timothy Sackton: So the petrov is like right where it begins to open up into the end your alarm is just on this side of the.
Timothy Sackton: pin drop.
Mike Sackton: Suicide beating our side, or the.
Timothy Sackton: Far side because.
Timothy Sackton: How.
Mike Sackton: Do you put it on the fireside chat.
i'm.
John Leeker: sure your card is going to cast wild shape.
John Leeker: And is turning into an Ak speak.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
John Leeker: i'm a lot of magic's.
Timothy Sackton: not totally out of magic are you.
John Leeker: um I don't have my my favorite spell, so I think has a higher GPS, so to speak, then.
Timothy Sackton: yeah up to you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let me just this is going to look weird all of these things are not coming at once.
Timothy Sackton: And I think i'm going to run this because things are coming slowly at their you know their.
Timothy Sackton: strains by the trap.
Timothy Sackton: they're not going to all swarm at one so rather than doing standard initiative i'm just going to let people sort of shout out things and occasionally the enemy's attack because it's a lot to keep track of 35 things on initiative order.
Eric Rosenbaum: worse and worse, the tent with the kid in it.
Timothy Sackton: The 10 with the kid on his way on the far side is right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see I see Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: So Center at the moment is not is just moving forward to sort of stay here in range of being able to see both things but she's prepared to dash back if needed so so position yourselves, where you want.
John Leeker: um can I talk with people in wild beast form or ad hoc kind of used telepathy or any.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have telepathy.
John Leeker: Well, does it what's his name can talk with me.
John Leeker: Well, we could talk with nobody could.
Timothy Sackton: respond too well baby but.
Timothy Sackton: You can't.
Timothy Sackton: But while be has to say hey drew cod what's up.
Okay.
David (he/him): Basic words in xp.
Timothy Sackton: i've.
Timothy Sackton: Bobby does know basic words, the next week.
So.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm still holding the sector, having just been investigating it.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: use it.
Timothy Sackton: But you're not attuned to it, yet that takes an hour of a short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man.
Eric Rosenbaum: So doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: That doesn't do any.
Mike Sackton: Short rastas I have a perfect style for this combat but we didn't give us a short rest that's kind of obnoxious.
John Leeker: doesn't pick on have a meditation thing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but that needs a short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay okay.
Timothy Sackton: All right into the wellspring.
David (he/him): know.
Timothy Sackton: Taking a short rest in their.
David (he/him): Fire elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: can leave that guy alone, you might burn stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: I mean honestly you're probably better off for the fire elemental and no short rest than a short rest and no fire elemental.
Timothy Sackton: are eligible as 102 hip points and does.
Timothy Sackton: To touch attacks that each do.
Timothy Sackton: Ah 15 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice this and he is currently filling the entrance.
Timothy Sackton: wow i'm not if you want to put them somewhere else he's yours to commands eager.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah no he's filling insurance that's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I think everything right there's three.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and Center I will also cast blast on.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo and or sorry well be dealt with and the file the file, but until i'm pretty sure it's just a creature targets.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is blessed do.
Timothy Sackton: yep so whenever you make an attack role or saving throw you add a D for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's much more than you.
Eric Rosenbaum: All and inspiration, but I can give inspiration and that will be cumulative with it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, do you have any inspiration left you haven't had a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Show Probably not.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you used it all up with you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally right it's all gone.
Timothy Sackton: For the last battle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally uninspired.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to miss this night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this like above like that work has a little token is right now is that, like above the elemental.
Timothy Sackton: that's a cliff that goes up you could climb at.
David (he/him): I was gonna ask the same thing is there, like an.
Mike Sackton: ID token from my shadow.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, you do don't you.
um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, never made one, let me.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just use.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think Mike interrupted shorts.
David (he/him): Sorry yeah no no get the good stuff and first.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just going to use a Hawk even though that's not quite right.
Timothy Sackton: Because that already exists, and I can give you control over it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So.
John Leeker: ricotta is gonna revert back to normal forms when he sees the sheer quantity of people relax.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
John Leeker: From the height of an accident.
Timothy Sackton: So yes, this is a so like there's a little bit of a slope that comes down.
Timothy Sackton: So where you are as about five foot elevation above and then, when you get off the sandy part of the map here the slot Canyon really starts.
Timothy Sackton: So, then, the walls go up, so this is the Canyon wall is right is like right here so you've got like a little bit of elevation here, and then a cliff that goes down about five feet and then starting here, it goes off sheer hundred feet and they're coming through this.
Timothy Sackton: um okay so as the first first round begins to climb up out of the.
Timothy Sackton: Out of the slot Canyon and begins to rush forward towards you anybody who wants to get in an attack and target somebody.
Mike Sackton: So can I shoot through the coming can I can I can cast a spell past the file mental right it doesn't get.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, anybody, on the other, it's barred so anybody would have unless you can get to a clear line of sight that have partial cover.
Mike Sackton: This thing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you could climb up that thing that would give you a clear line of sight right.
Mike Sackton: So i'll climb partway up this thing i'll send this shadow beast it has flyby so it's about 30 it's like in its what's it smooth.
Mike Sackton: it's five feet speed is 60 so it's like 30 feet up.
Mike Sackton: It dies down attacks one and then flies back.
Timothy Sackton: By as backup perfect.
Timothy Sackton: So it's totally.
Mike Sackton: hovering around here dive bombing and then i'll just blasting.
Timothy Sackton: Okay pick your pick your targets.
Mike Sackton: So this guy will dive bomb the whoever's in the week, what is the what are these guys knowles and.
Timothy Sackton: So these are in the lead here you've got a bunch of skeletal looking knowles that are all like just kind of climbing out of the.
Timothy Sackton: pin trap and then in the very least, these two i'm kind of almost crawling hunched over sort of undead types.
Timothy Sackton: That are one of them is like its.
Timothy Sackton: leg seems to be broken from falling into the pit trap and it's limping quite a lot.
Timothy Sackton: The other one it's has like a damaged arm from there, they seem to be the ones the knoll Center had like go see what's up they both.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty damn i'm ready.
Mike Sackton: The shadow beast will attack the one in the front.
Okay.
it's.
Mike Sackton: Your spell attack modifier to hit.
Mike Sackton: So I can just do I do that.
Mike Sackton: That rolling.
Timothy Sackton: Did I like roll six time you were all.
twice.
Mike Sackton: Okay does a 12 fit.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so 12 hits and because it took damage falling, it has to hit points so it's dead right.
Mike Sackton: One day, plus three.
Timothy Sackton: Years shadow dive down and just rip rip dive into this one, and with the damage from its from its arm from having fallen into the trap of just collapse.
Mike Sackton: It is called damage if it matters.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: I will then shoot and i'll just blast at the other one in the front.
Mike Sackton: damage.
Timothy Sackton: yup that kills that one also damaged from the.
Mike Sackton: And then i'll shoot another elledge bras first.
Mike Sackton: 12 hit.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me pull up their stats 12 just hits.
Timothy Sackton: Five damage okay these ones were did not were aware of the pit trap and so didn't take debt that they sent the first guys up in the front, so they haven't taken any damage yet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, then who, who was who was who's got something to do who's going next.
David (he/him): i'll take a shot.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah that's.
Timothy Sackton: Are you you're careful aiming to get advantage yeah okay.
David (he/him): was to hit the wrong thing.
David (he/him): that's weird um I have one more to six.
Timothy Sackton: Right plus tax.
Timothy Sackton: that's gonna kill it with your tax modifier because it only has 11 hit points so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that one dies.
Oh.
John Leeker: How wide is the Swat.
Timothy Sackton: narrows to 10 feet, where they're entering.
John Leeker: So if I cast um.
John Leeker: How exactly does flaming sphere work.
Timothy Sackton: So it just uses that.
John Leeker: It can just sit there for a minute.
Timothy Sackton: yeah as long as you maintain concentration you summon it at a point in space and it, you can move at every turn, you can ramp it into somebody and when you ran into them they take damage and if they end their turn, next to it, they take damage.
John Leeker: Well, so I will put.
John Leeker: flaming sphere in the Center of the entrance so many tasks that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's got a lightning spell.
John Leeker: I later had left.
Timothy Sackton: that'll be a great spot for light.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah I wonder if there's any way I can send something rolling down.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK so so you're so you kept it, let me pull out a token for it i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lightning lightning.
Mike Sackton: Where a lot of stuff.
Mike Sackton: I have a smell that would make him fight each other.
John Leeker: But.
Mike Sackton: I can't cast it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you should be able to control this lemmings here I just summon so you put it here, and you Ram it into somebody.
Timothy Sackton: Who then have to make a deck safe.
John Leeker: So i'll just.
Timothy Sackton: i'll just assume this one in the front.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me pull their deck SAVE, which is pretty crappy.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the zero so take seven points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: That ends your turn these ones up in front, are going to attack the the fire elemental because I don't have much other.
Eric Rosenbaum: Choice Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Rushing forward.
Timothy Sackton: biting and then flower flower with their club.
Timothy Sackton: So between the two of them, they do a total of six points of damage to the fire elemental.
Timothy Sackton: I can just track itself and then they're sort of they start to like scramble up this these walls here.
Mike Sackton: Globally, and they actually get out.
Mike Sackton: They can get.
Mike Sackton: They can get out to those walls.
Timothy Sackton: They can I mean this is only a five foot wall here.
Mike Sackton: Okay that's not great.
Mike Sackton: Oh okay i'm gonna i'm gonna well when we get back around to our turn I want to try and box them in kensal I think you should we should, those of us who can should try and box them in here, so they can't get out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this one's going to scramble up here towards to attack well be, but the file mental gets an attack of opportunity so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I haven't acted, yet this whole time right they've been kind of moving and I shouldn't tell.
Timothy Sackton: ya got.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But like before they even came out like right.
Timothy Sackton: wow, this is the downside to not running initiative, the monsters have to get a chance to go at some point but yes go ahead, you can go while these ones are moving.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the time the one in front of me.
Do.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Timothy Sackton: So, as this one climbs up this was the one that was damaged by the fire as it climbs up you just walk away with its quarter staff and it falls down again dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then I checked the other one next to will be.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That also helps you get a good, solid blow on it looks pretty badly her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: arm strike it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just pop it on the head.
Timothy Sackton: And that that will kill that one so as they're trying to climb up Kansas just standing there like whack whack Punch and the two that have tried to climb up here now get just knocked just shattered by him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just does the fire elemental get a turn.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see.
David (he/him): What he's already picking us next target so.
David (he/him): Without I contact you just as thanks kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: yeah So yes, seeker and the seeker on the file bottle can go and then there, then they they weld i'm going to give some of them attacks first.
Timothy Sackton: Because they only got to do two of them, but the rest of them are moving, so this one climbs up here, so the fire elemental gets it, he is this reaction to make an attack of opportunity.
Mike Sackton: It already uses reaction.
Timothy Sackton: Know cuz kenzo.
Mike Sackton: jumped out before it it.
Timothy Sackton: got a chance.
Timothy Sackton: So role at the 20 and add sex.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i'm rolling for the fire element element yep.
Timothy Sackton: ID 20 plus a D four plus sex.
Mike Sackton: Oh alright I should be adding wrong D for my spell attacks, not that it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Matters because it's a.
Timothy Sackton: blessing it's a blast yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: wit and she blessed the fire elemental.
Timothy Sackton: She blast the file mental well being and.
Mike Sackton: know that that was kenzo.
Mike Sackton: Now as well be.
Timothy Sackton: cans out if you can make sense to blast cancel actually cuz he gets more attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a little token you can put on the token.
Eric Rosenbaum: or something.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, like yes.
Timothy Sackton: oops.
Timothy Sackton: let's see I think I have a blast.
Timothy Sackton: Here we go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that hats.
Timothy Sackton: So roll 2d sex damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this that's no takes eight points of damage and is on fire.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if I have a i'll just use red for on fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: like it.
Timothy Sackton: But it does manage a bite and a club attack against well being wealthy what's your AC.
David (he/him): Think it's 15 them to check that yes, 15.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you take 10 points that you take six points from the bite and four points from the club.
David (he/him): It will take an uncanny dodge on the bike.
Timothy Sackton: And it will take three pick out so you take seven total.
Timothy Sackton: The file mantle takes another six damage from the three that i've closed in on it now, although these two are both take damage from the flaming sphere, because they can't get out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: So, can you roll a can you will, to the sex record.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so these will take for damage, what do you start, what do you want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have, I have a my own cast right, so I will do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will stir the pot a little bit in the air in front of me casting quicksand.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I will place it in the 10 by 10 foot square immediately in front of the fire elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no sorry.
20 foot Square.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Mike Sackton: and put it further back.
John Leeker: squares.
Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: And you put it like.
Timothy Sackton: right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why does 234 like here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
John Leeker: Those quicksand cause damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: sins.
Timothy Sackton: know it just restrains them.
John Leeker: So i'm.
John Leeker: i'm in a similar space can I cast now.
John Leeker: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the monsters haven't gotten the.
wrong.
Timothy Sackton: It you get the jump on them because you're a startup to attack them, but they still get to go before everybody takes second terms seekers, the last one to go.
John Leeker: got it.
Mike Sackton: How have they all been moving isn't happening there Turner now.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's only.
Timothy Sackton: Some of them have used their turn to move, yes, but these ones that were in front still get a tax.
Mike Sackton: Should we just do side initiative would that be easier.
Timothy Sackton: yeah let's just decide initiative.
Timothy Sackton: That makes sense.
Mike Sackton: With that we all.
Mike Sackton: We all go they all go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Mike Sackton: That way we want was track otherwise it's gonna get confusing yeah.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it's a strength saving throw I think.
Mike Sackton: DC fifth Dean, it says.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Oh geez an eight and nine and 867 and nine.
Eric Rosenbaum: every single one of them failed so they're stuck in the mud.
Timothy Sackton: So every single one of them is restrained.
Timothy Sackton: and anybody who enters so it's difficult to rain now to right so, even if they break three free.
Timothy Sackton: They can't move very well.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's concentration, or it, so I can't.
Timothy Sackton: Do another concentrate you can't do.
Timothy Sackton: Another concentration spell but that actually kind of makes the combat pretty easy cuz you there's only three that got out one of it, which is on fire.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so after as you do that, though seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Of hail of arrows comes flying out of the back of the Canyon from these for that have sort of hung back.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see that's three against the fire elemental.
Timothy Sackton: which does a total of.
Timothy Sackton: Only seven points of damage experimental is quite a nice damage so.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: To against.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: One of which is the.
Timothy Sackton: 21, one of which is a 17, so I think those both head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But can I catch and throw it back.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how do I do that again.
Timothy Sackton: So it shouldn't you shouldn't have it on your if you scroll down to deflect missiles on your.
Timothy Sackton: character sheet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, but I have to oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the usual damage first right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah nine damage, for the first one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I do this.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait so wrong click on that Wendy 10 that's highlighted in red.
Timothy Sackton: Identity beyond yep eight plus four plus sex or 18 so you reduce it to zero, and you can spend a key to throw it back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think.
John Leeker: it's better came through.
Timothy Sackton: So we just make it an armed attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome role.
Timothy Sackton: That hats you throw him back and you the arrow like cuts Dixon to the.
Timothy Sackton: journey and looks yes.
Timothy Sackton: You do take seven points of damage from the second arrow because you can only do the deflect missiles once Is it because it uses a reaction i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like muscles, like everything in the world.
Timothy Sackton: And then to have them head.
Timothy Sackton: Down with one is a natural 21 is a natural one.
Mike Sackton: One of them hit.
Timothy Sackton: whoa so you take 12 points of piercing damage from the longbow.
Timothy Sackton: and the rest of them are all restrained.
Timothy Sackton: So they and they are the ones in front of already attacked and took the damage, so that ends, oh no these two that got through still get to attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: glad I briefly state as far as possible.
Timothy Sackton: And these two are like these are the flashiest of the nose, they are rushing forward just snarling and biting um.
Timothy Sackton: And swinging there.
Timothy Sackton: they're like little short bladed swords at you.
Timothy Sackton: So that's going to be to bite attacks and for short sort of tax from them, the first bite attack on well be is an eight, the second bite attack on welby is a natural 24 that's nine points of piercing damage.
David (he/him): or uncannily.
Timothy Sackton: You already.
Timothy Sackton: Used your reaction.
David (he/him): This is still the first round.
Timothy Sackton: yeah because you haven't gone again yet.
Timothy Sackton: All right, Hello i'm a 15 in a 10 short sort of tax on you, while be I think those both miss.
David (he/him): 15 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay 50 and hit, so another seven points of piercing.
Timothy Sackton: And then, a 23 and a seven on kensal for the short swords and an eight for the bite, so the 23 hits so kenza you take five piercings.
and
Timothy Sackton: That ends their turn.
Timothy Sackton: They have a lot of tax not very many points.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: you're all you guys can go in whatever order.
To cod.
Timothy Sackton: always will be, because they ended a turn within five feet of you, if you want, oh no you already used your reaction.
John Leeker: So can to cod cast spike growth on top of the quicksand.
Timothy Sackton: Is a concentration yep.
John Leeker: out my flame will go away, but.
Timothy Sackton: yeah no reason you can't.
John Leeker: Well, this have any amplification is the train harder to move on, because they're having to now slowly crawl through Spikes.
John Leeker: They get damaged, for they get too deep for for every five feet of travel.
Timothy Sackton: No, it has no amplification but they'll be stuck in the Spikes longer because it's harder for them to move.
John Leeker: OK, so the move through will actually take more damage, because they.
Timothy Sackton: Just as a suggestion just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A puppet the archers to God.
So.
Timothy Sackton: That means, if you just let your if you just put your flaming sphere, somewhere, they can't avoid it i'll just burn up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good call yeah they're they're stuck in quicksand.
Timothy Sackton: restrained they can't move and.
Timothy Sackton: So if you just walk in with your flaming sphere.
Timothy Sackton: that's valuable, given that they're all restrained.
John Leeker: So I will um.
John Leeker: Are there.
John Leeker: For the three that are front, is there any distinction between them like in strength or health or.
Timothy Sackton: They all look pretty weak.
Mike Sackton: Can you move your flaming spear out try and get the ones in the back.
John Leeker: Perfect so I i'm who's the biggest baddest guy in the back.
Timothy Sackton: This one here looks like the strongest.
John Leeker: So I pushed my flaming sphere actually because I heard them both.
Timothy Sackton: If I put it on her if you put it there it'll get all three of them because they can't move.
Timothy Sackton: So you can do damage to the big guy.
Timothy Sackton: Right now and then.
Timothy Sackton: At the end of their turns unless they break through the restraint.
Timothy Sackton: They will take damage again.
John Leeker: Okay, so I will attack the biggest guy so I roll it again.
Timothy Sackton: You all your damage again yep.
John Leeker: that's the 2d.
Timothy Sackton: 2d sex.
Timothy Sackton: Okay foul I know he made his decks and so he takes half damage.
Timothy Sackton: And then you'll just leave it there now that's your bonus action if you have a non concentration spell you can cast that.
John Leeker: How far can produce flame do I have to be touching distance on it.
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet.
John Leeker: So I will produce flame on.
John Leeker: You can't see my point, and can you the guy in the top.
Timothy Sackton: view.
John Leeker: that's why that guy yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so make your tackle.
John Leeker: So I have a hit DC role and an attack role which one do I do have a plus six and then a to D h.
Timothy Sackton: Plus, plus sex.
Timothy Sackton: And then, if it hits you will to da.
Timothy Sackton: damage that message.
John Leeker: No go.
Timothy Sackton: So that's your cod.
Mike Sackton: All right, i'm going to go into the here.
Mike Sackton: Yes, Guy will dive.
Mike Sackton: First, this guy will dive at this one.
Timothy Sackton: I can't see where you're pointing.
Mike Sackton: That one.
Timothy Sackton: That one yep okay.
Mike Sackton: So that is all attack.
Mike Sackton: attack.
Mike Sackton: Why does it sometimes work and sometimes doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if you.
Timothy Sackton: See like if you just roll on d&d beyond you can.
say.
Mike Sackton: So 13.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Mike Sackton: Nine damage.
Timothy Sackton: Nine damage kills it.
Mike Sackton: Right, then I will attack the i'll use green flame blade on the one.
Mike Sackton: right in front of me.
Mike Sackton: hold on one the.
Mike Sackton: 22.
Mike Sackton: So that obviously hits.
Mike Sackton: 11 damage on the first one.
Mike Sackton: So that guy takes 11 plot if he's not dead, he takes fire damage also.
Mike Sackton: Did I was you guys.
Timothy Sackton: I know I dropped out for a SEC there.
Mike Sackton: So he takes 17 damage.
Mike Sackton: Total.
Timothy Sackton: Okay that's why i'm here.
Mike Sackton: yep and then the one behind him, though, green flames from my sword weep onto the one behind him and he takes six damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that kills them both as the strike the first one, and then the flames jumping just burn the other one to.
Timothy Sackton: The other and.
Mike Sackton: Then i'm going to I don't want to move into a quicksand different mind.
Mike Sackton: i'll stay right there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so down with your card file mental kenza well be and Sintra and seekers still need to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can the fire elemental reach anybody now without entering the quicksand.
Timothy Sackton: I can read this one right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice that'd be good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah it will attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so role D two D 20 or a D 20 plus six plus D for twice.
Eric Rosenbaum: With plus Wendy for.
Mike Sackton: robotics 20.
Mike Sackton: Does that actually work.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it works.
11.
Timothy Sackton: Just messes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and again.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: That hands.
Timothy Sackton: So that's 2d sex damage and sets him on fire.
Timothy Sackton: So six six damage and now he's on fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's Is there more elemental attack or you can fight.
Timothy Sackton: I can't get off speaker seeker kenzo and sentra and while be stoned to go kenza you can fight now.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh so on fire guys okay yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which ones more badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: This one is quite badly wounded and the fire seems to be consuming him at the moment, so he is likely to die from the burning flames on his next turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the guy directly below me is is is.
Timothy Sackton: Is on touched at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll pull that one first.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Three attacks, so I should be able to finish off.
Timothy Sackton: And you can always use still have most your key you can flurry of blows and do for X.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do that, like all these guys at once all right, I will quarter staff, the dude below me yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
down so sad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will, I will a flurry of blows the guy that's like the guy that's on.
Timothy Sackton: wow yeah nevermind sorry go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A flurry of blows the guy that that is a flurry i'll do to flourish blows on the ones on welby.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: strike.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can do a second quarter staff effective yeah.
I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, get.
Timothy Sackton: That hats so which one, are you attacking the top of the bottom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The one that was weaker there's the one on the bottom.
Timothy Sackton: Okay now one dies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll quarter staff, the other guy that's like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Well, be.
Timothy Sackton: That that hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of them and.
Timothy Sackton: i've pointed damage is looking pretty he's looking pretty That was a solid blow he's looking badly hurt now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll do one more on strike against.
Timothy Sackton: That kills them.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does.
Timothy Sackton: That answer your turn.
Now.
Timothy Sackton: seeker hasn't done anything and well he hasn't done anything.
Mike Sackton: And Center hasn't done anything.
Timothy Sackton: Since she's about to do something.
David (he/him): Well we'll take careful aim at the last remaining one right next to kenzo having clear the path for the shot.
David (he/him): tak 15.
Timothy Sackton: By hats.
David (he/him): Let me do damage.
Timothy Sackton: That kills him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: You two are just clear out this little Ridge here.
Timothy Sackton: Why wham wham.
Timothy Sackton: Ah tiger, you want to go or central.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: rhythmic insult.
Eric Rosenbaum: make a vicious.
Eric Rosenbaum: vicious mercury.
Eric Rosenbaum: sending an image of a pathetically small and weak bow and arrow to one of the guys in the back.
Timothy Sackton: of our chairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay that's a with them safe.
A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Duty wisdom saving through yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: fouls on it's just only when you cast it.
Timothy Sackton: So six damage and he's got disadvantage jonah's next attack.
Timothy Sackton: Sintra is going to hold up her hand and matter of practice cocoon and a bolt of bluish white energy shoots out of her hand striking the same one that you just targeted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I think I was not in range for that fully but.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can move closer than.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the range 6060 so I have to be like here whoops.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and she will cast guiding ball which hats.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm a little grover when i've got my fire guy.
Timothy Sackton: So dealing 14 damage on the same one and he is now glowing with this faint energy, so the next attack on this guy has advantage.
Mike Sackton: But 20 points didn't kill them.
Timothy Sackton: 20 did not kill them the archers in tougher than the ones you're just clearing out okay now they'll all get their sales to see if they can break free of the.
John Leeker: restraint well mine do it's fire damage down.
Timothy Sackton: At the end of their turn, so they convert.
Timothy Sackton: So they're all using their actions to try to break free if they manage to be home I got 1019 1211.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So, so this one here, the second one.
Timothy Sackton: guns from the top managers to break free and he goes 123456 manages to get up to there and then swings at the file and I don't.
Timothy Sackton: And as a approaches, you can vaguely catch this with.
Of.
Timothy Sackton: Just a foul stench rating off of this what seems to be half rotten body that's just lumbering forward with these two vicious clause.
Timothy Sackton: is going to swing at the fire elemental which is going to hit dealing on three damage, but the file and mental needs to make a just roll at the 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need a name for this guy before he dies.
Mike Sackton: Miss.
Timothy Sackton: d 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plus.
Timothy Sackton: The four.
Timothy Sackton: Right doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: So he says he is unaffected by the poison in the claws.
Bernie.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bernard.
Timothy Sackton: But the SAVE so they're stuck so they then take roll out to the sex again.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, they waste their actual trying to break free but cannot.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I guess sorry record for your flaming sphere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so they both fail their deck save so they all these to take eight dammit eight flaming damage from that Okay, the archers now are going to step forward here.
Timothy Sackton: And again, a hail of arrows is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Come flying down on.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: healed up.
Timothy Sackton: So the BAT ah, the first one who attacked with disadvantage roll the 20 and a sex.
Timothy Sackton: Like so.
The.
Timothy Sackton: Critical pet is cancelled.
Timothy Sackton: And he misses shooting at.
Eric Rosenbaum: just trying to get me with that Tony bow.
Timothy Sackton: At down with.
The.
Timothy Sackton: The three shots that go flying at the.
Timothy Sackton: At the fire elemental actually will pretty well for damage.
Timothy Sackton: doing a total of 15 doing a total of 20 damage on the fire elemental who is.
Timothy Sackton: Great Bernard you know he's he's starting to I mean most of the time, like he's managing to like flick off the arrows and they sort of burn up as they begin to pass him.
Timothy Sackton: You know, but he's starting to look like he's.
Timothy Sackton: Like he's taking some damage, but each time and arrow head Some, like some of it burns up and it's not obviously not taking as much damage from these areas, as he could be.
Timothy Sackton: um so let's see that was 1234 okay i'm against kenzo a.
Timothy Sackton: 12 total and then another natural 20.
Timothy Sackton: Nice so eight damage on kenzo from the crap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, but i'm gonna throw it back at him.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta stop shooting at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love being able to do this hold on, let me see where the Puck is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: You are.
Timothy Sackton: Here you are to reduce the damage to.
Timothy Sackton: zero because it's it's it's a Wednesday 10 plus 10 so just roll your own arm strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Mike Sackton: salutes kenzo as he likes sense the second arrow.
Mike Sackton: raises sorted like.
Timothy Sackton: 15 on.
Mike Sackton: 15 Mrs delis.
David (he/him): we're doing this as well be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay base this.
Timothy Sackton: So that's going to end their turns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very pretty powerful.
Timothy Sackton: You guys are up.
Mike Sackton: All right, I think i'm gonna why don't well be you and kenzo go kill the stinky guy.
Mike Sackton: or poison guy or whatever that guy is and i'm going to try and take out some of the archers I think with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that'd be good yeah kensal focus on that dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So i'll just do.
David (he/him): My what I took a first shot at that guy kenzo because you can do so many more attacks.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: This guy's gonna fly over and attack this guy and then why cover back up in the air, somewhere, I don't know there.
Timothy Sackton: Which guys.
Timothy Sackton: This one.
Mike Sackton: Or you can't you can't see this one that's not gonna burn, this is the one with this with guiding bold right.
Timothy Sackton: This is the one with guiding bold up here.
Mike Sackton: And who's damaged actually.
Mike Sackton: There well I.
Timothy Sackton: Think Both of these are damaged.
Mike Sackton: Okay, the shadow be still go after the bottom one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the non.
Mike Sackton: advantage on yeah.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I was the one.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will then send a eldridge blast at the advantage one.
Mike Sackton: Let me do that again, although I can also role at the for.
Timothy Sackton: You remember you also have a blast.
Mike Sackton: yeah I just said, I can only hold the fort does 13 hit.
Timothy Sackton: 13 just hats.
Mike Sackton: So three damage on the guiding baldwin.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Does that kill them.
Mike Sackton: nope alright another i'll just blast that wait bless.
Timothy Sackton: know that just Mrs.
David (he/him): Miss this the fury road soundtrack.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Mike Sackton: kenzo in well be you guys want to go after that.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'll take a for Dallas has done his wasn't that effectual.
Mike Sackton: i'll take a shot.
Timothy Sackton: At this guy.
Timothy Sackton: 16 hats.
David (he/him): Wanting to again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Timothy Sackton: So that's a solid hat he looks shaken by that strike not not dad but definitely bloody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You do attack Swami.
Mike Sackton: Now he just has advantage.
Timothy Sackton: He has advantage from careful aim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, alright sounds a little quarter staff this dude.
David (he/him): Oh.
Mike Sackton: you're more.
Mike Sackton: keep going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of course that from again.
Mike Sackton: See there yeah I could do.
Timothy Sackton: damage.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he looks pretty bad off now like that that strike is just like staggers back slightly and is looking really rough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will unarmed strikes.
Mike Sackton: i'd save your tea for more error throwing.
Timothy Sackton: away blast add your blass.
Mike Sackton: what's the worst role ID for.
Timothy Sackton: That just hits 13 is what you need it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: And that's actually enough to kill them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's that's pretty useful that's a good spell.
Timothy Sackton: seeker so record and seeker can still go.
Timothy Sackton: And the fire elemental, but at this point, it will need to step into the quicksand in order to do anything.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think it just ready an action to attack, if anything, comes close to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm our performance of creation and animating performance concentration spells.
Timothy Sackton: Effectively don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: know.
Eric Rosenbaum: With the fire elemental like to have a sword, say, one that was made of magnesium.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I went well that what would happen if a fire.
Timothy Sackton: drill out of magnesium sort.
Mike Sackton: don't explode a giant thing of magnesium because.
Mike Sackton: Our standing right next to it.
Timothy Sackton: I think that would probably just explode.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the surface of this thing has got to be like you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pretty hot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Given that it does 2d six fire damage on ahead and set things on fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, so it doesn't we don't need to make things harder.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe i'll release the quicksand and do earth in hand.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can also use your animating performance to just like make a boulder fight for you or something remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, something that's already there.
Timothy Sackton: Something that's already there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh go ahead.
John Leeker: What did that look like how hot, is it like is it causing glassware at walks on the sand.
John Leeker: picking out magnesium sword.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean it's magic right so.
Timothy Sackton: Like his hands are hotter than its feet, otherwise I couldn't function.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right greater.
Timothy Sackton: It probably floats a little bit above the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't.
Timothy Sackton: really know.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah i'm gonna send in an earth in hand, but what's my range on that I can't see it on the thing Oh, it says 30 feet only ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me just check that out here.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we'll put it there right.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if you if you cast earthen hand it's concentration so you're trading three restraint creatures for one strange creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas animating performance is not concentration.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So you can animate an object to fight for you, without spending concentration, but if you.
Mike Sackton: Can animate the Spikes from the pit trap to attack the archers.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did not think of that that's a very interesting idea Mike what did we make Spikes out of did we make Spikes for the pit trap I don't maybe we.
Mike Sackton: didn't.
Timothy Sackton: I was just hoping now there's no Spikes at the pet shop, but is like you piled up a bunch of.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, I mean there's plenty of like boulders and stuff strewn around right, if you want a boulder to fight for you that's pretty easy.
Mike Sackton: Can a boulder just go crush one of the archers that would be very helpful.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah i'm gonna try to animate a boulder behind the archers that's a great idea.
Timothy Sackton: let's do it what's the range of animating performance.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm looking at it let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: How this is a huge thing within 30 feet of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm excited about this idea and will run into danger, so to speak to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, we get too close into danger.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna get out.
Timothy Sackton: If you wanted to put something in say that square right there.
Timothy Sackton: You have to get to right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just right next to me so let's say for.
Timothy Sackton: yeah which is.
Mike Sackton: There right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I just sprint right over and that's the.
Mike Sackton: Agenda that's 30 feet, right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice nice nice okay okay.
Mike Sackton: So you could animate a boulder from right there to go hit this guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Or you could animate a boulder that's.
Timothy Sackton: Right, the Hawk is in the air right, so you could.
Mike Sackton: Have that thing that it's not really a Hawk it's like a.
Mike Sackton: shadow.
Mike Sackton: The shadow that keeps like.
Mike Sackton: diving down and striking it right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so it's yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not letting me move.
Eric Rosenbaum: What happened.
Timothy Sackton: that's where you want to be right there.
Timothy Sackton: Or you want to be one step closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't actually behind kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I can't for some reason i'm like dragging it, but it starts with what the heck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm not scared i'm going to animate a boulder we're going to make a boulder out of something.
Eric Rosenbaum: here for all for circle.
Timothy Sackton: or no I I got.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, this thing is going to have.
Eric Rosenbaum: A 1610 hit points plus five times my level set will be 40.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow I can fly oh my God.
Timothy Sackton: saw this flying boulder just stands up out of the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is NUTS what metrics before okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: um and can I have it do something now.
Timothy Sackton: It takes your bonus action to.
Timothy Sackton: command that.
Timothy Sackton: So you use your action to summit and then your bonus action to command.
Eric Rosenbaum: smash guy smash.
Eric Rosenbaum: The closer one directly below it on the map there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it's your spell attack modifier so role of spell attack and then it does Wendy 10 plus three damage if it hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, how do I do a spell attack so.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you click on spout yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's.
Timothy Sackton: So, which one of these three are you slamming.
Mike Sackton: The either the one north or south of it because there.
Eric Rosenbaum: was damaged cell phone.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So when did 10 plus three.
Timothy Sackton: That slams into and it looks this thing is like on its last legs.
Timothy Sackton: So who hasn't gone yet.
Timothy Sackton: file manto.
John Leeker: endure cod.
John Leeker: Cod cod cod will move the flaming to select it down to here and attack the guy immediately to the south.
Mike Sackton: And you move it here.
Mike Sackton: Because.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you could never get all three of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh right there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
John Leeker: um who should I attack the.
Timothy Sackton: Actually yeah you could slam it into this guy.
John Leeker: yeah just a knockout so.
Mike Sackton: do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he he made his safe but it doesn't matter he only has to hit points left so he dies anyway.
Timothy Sackton: And then, where do you want to position that.
Timothy Sackton: You want to just leave it there, so that these two will take damage if they don't get into the quicksand.
Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends did Center go, since you didn't get.
Timothy Sackton: No central.
Timothy Sackton: Central.
Mike Sackton: hall was last year and centered and cause last one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, she is going to.
Timothy Sackton: pass another game ball.
Timothy Sackton: We are chats.
Timothy Sackton: 13 damage on this guy up here which kills him.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, now they get to go.
Timothy Sackton: So, first of all, we get to struggle in quicksand.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: 12 nine and four, they cannot get out of this quick thing, no matter how hard they try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's really useful spell.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great spell movies, that one before it's really good.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that was one of the new ones i've made up for the new College of ruins.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's maybe too powerful or maybe they're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not if.
Timothy Sackton: they're not they're just rolling poorly but it's it's just it's the exact same as entangle, which is a it's just a brief flavored entangled, which is a first level spell so.
Timothy Sackton: it's just definitely not too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Powerful yeah we're at the choke point of this things.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's a good positioning to us.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but they still get for arrow attacks at you and they've learned their lesson.
Timothy Sackton: Sri kenzo.
Mike Sackton: One of them is dead do with them.
Timothy Sackton: Each one gets out error.
Timothy Sackton: But they've learned their lesson about shooting it ken's so.
Timothy Sackton: No errors come flying it kenza now.
Timothy Sackton: And says oh i've got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The arrows kinzer dive in front of other.
Timothy Sackton: we've got a 14 and a 13 on down with.
Mike Sackton: dope.
Timothy Sackton: bounces off my Armor 14 and 12 on wealthy.
David (he/him): Miss miss.
Timothy Sackton: Okay they're done.
John Leeker: weight is they're getting a fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah the to get fire damage, because they can't move roll your 2d sex.
John Leeker: Price or just once.
Timothy Sackton: same damage for both.
Timothy Sackton: So this one burns up.
Timothy Sackton: This one fails at save and take six points of fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: So now having Whittle them down quite a bit.
Timothy Sackton: Your turn.
Mike Sackton: All right, i'll just blast on one of the archers.
Timothy Sackton: Fire damage.
Mike Sackton: On that guy.
Mike Sackton: Second i'll just blast.
Timothy Sackton: Also hits.
Mike Sackton: Nine damage same guy.
Mike Sackton: spell attack.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably badness as yep.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: who's up next.
David (he/him): nobody's gonna shoot that same guy.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't because I can do a fist of planar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, on the guy in front.
David (he/him): i'll shoot the.
David (he/him): shoot the other guy.
David (he/him): like an asshole i'll say no, no, you do it like this.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: You better.
Mike Sackton: There we yeah.
David (he/him): Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Not very good damage so.
Timothy Sackton: I can cancel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah pencil will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: vista planner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah vista planner power, the guy in front.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that's a strength save.
Timothy Sackton: Man, they just cannot roll strength checks today well the one.
Timothy Sackton: So he takes.
Timothy Sackton: He takes 12 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: And you can drag him 20 feet towards you push them 20 feet away into the pit trap or knocking prone.
Mike Sackton: Can you drag him to be next to the fire.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll drag i'll drag them into the end of that.
Mike Sackton: TIM if if the quicksand is exact same as untangle it doesn't impact you if you enter it, which means the earth oh.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's correct yes.
Mike Sackton: So the final mental can just wait in and it won't it.
Mike Sackton: won't be in the.
Timothy Sackton: Only one of tasks anybody who's in the area once cast.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, but it's still difficult terrain, but it.
Timothy Sackton: Basically softens the earth and then solidifies around there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM do I get to attach a fireplace.
Timothy Sackton: haha yeah but you've now used it three times with last battle so you'd have to spend a key point to use it again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that's fine i'll use i'll use a key point on, let me see Oh, because now, I can actually move I can just move in there right now.
Timothy Sackton: Right yeah you can move in there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll jump in here that's still get another attack and on and on and on the top right.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So why not.
Timothy Sackton: i'll jump in just don't end your turn next to the fire.
Timothy Sackton: yeah cuz you'll take damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so can I still move after the after attack.
Timothy Sackton: yeah after the attack you can move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which ones more badly injured.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the one below yeah they're both pretty badly hurt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, pretty bad right i'm gonna so I can move after I do an attack on and on right and i'm strike yep i'm gonna i'm gonna quarter staff, the Archer guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
there's that guy.
said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, give me a second guys too many things going on and the thing over here, but the Fuck is it here's my quarter staff it's high.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which.
Timothy Sackton: tells them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice, and then I will i'm on arm strike the other dude.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That does not quite kill him but he's looking he's looking badly hurt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh man, you know what the Fuck but i've got i've got three more key i'll do another i'll you spend a key and do another on arms.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That tells them.
Timothy Sackton: Nice crap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, and then I will, how many more do I have now.
Timothy Sackton: So you've moved 123456 you move 30 so you have what 15 laughter something.
Mike Sackton: Can you get.
Timothy Sackton: hi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh good question.
Timothy Sackton: was one too yeah you can't quite get to the Archer but you could get through.
Mike Sackton: You should go close to the Archer so that, if we don't tell them yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so you're standing there's a there's a boulder like 10 feet above your head and then like a shadow Hawk like.
Timothy Sackton: 10 feet above that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see who hasn't gone to cod hasn't gotten Center hasn't gone in the fire elemental hasn't gone.
John Leeker: So.
John Leeker: Your card will.
Timothy Sackton: slam that guy okay.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So roll your 2d sex.
Timothy Sackton: Well don't leave it there, because then it'll hit kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Put it there yeah.
John Leeker: I will roll the.
Timothy Sackton: felder's deck save so six points of damage this one's looking pretty badly hurt now to.
Timothy Sackton: You can also produce flame if you want.
yeah.
John Leeker: I will produce.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs down.
Timothy Sackton: And then Sintra well.
Timothy Sackton: You is just us up our spouse loss, whether or not.
Timothy Sackton: She has one more first level slot and guiding bolted is.
Timothy Sackton: On the Archer which Mrs because she didn't bless herself.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK, so that ends there turn this one is still restrained, so he will use this action to try and break free.
Timothy Sackton: 10 so still stock.
Timothy Sackton: Earth is just.
Timothy Sackton: Just feet and he's like struggling every turn to try and pull out of that.
Mike Sackton: weight, the file that didn't go.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry, yes, the fire Marshal can go.
Eric Rosenbaum: So can we move him.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Just moving in and kill the guy.
Timothy Sackton: Just kill that guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's not gonna be harmed by that fireball thing right.
Timothy Sackton: Now he's immune to fire.
Timothy Sackton: Right is the fire elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: sweet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See make the fire mental up here.
Mike Sackton: It was like why.
Timothy Sackton: I use it.
Eric Rosenbaum: One time it was an item we got in ravens hold us.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was sitting on it for a long time and then this battle, I was like you.
Mike Sackton: have to use it.
John Leeker: To for you got two battles.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that was lucky yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so it attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: me oh yeah up arrow where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to keep them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know, Bernard i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hard, so I do D 20 plus three four plus six again.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Do that twice that Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: thousand one.
Timothy Sackton: That is just tats just barely heads.
Timothy Sackton: And auto dad because he has like to hit points left.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Can we, what is this Archer.
Mike Sackton: What species is it.
Timothy Sackton: This art the archers are our nose.
Mike Sackton: Have those ever given us any useful information.
Timothy Sackton: Not none of you have ever figured out the language.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't do we have like a can you speak to anybody anybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see if the they speak folder.
Mike Sackton: Just gonna crush it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, at this point, you like it's trapped between a pit and then.
Mike Sackton: A file kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: A boulder it's dad if you want to kill it.
Mike Sackton: Right, I think we take a captive.
Timothy Sackton: hands out can easily subdue it if you want to.
Mike Sackton: It wouldn't be crazy to try and confirm that it was working for I get even just if we show it active body and it freaks out that would tell us okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To do to do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so kenzo quickly subdue is the last Archer disarming him and dragging him forward as you.
Timothy Sackton: return.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: The peaceful quiet now of the wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: Right and then.
Timothy Sackton: The baby slept through the whole thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: amazing.
Timothy Sackton: Center guys to check on her immediately and she's like sleeping peacefully.
Mike Sackton: All right now, can we take a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, now, you can take a short read.
Mike Sackton: That with is going to cook and nourishing meal as part of the short rest.
Nice.
Mike Sackton: But specifically if anybody wants to use hit dice you get an extra.
Mike Sackton: Point back for each kit that you use.
John Leeker: So.
John Leeker: TIM, how does my meditation thing work is that just a fancy short rest or do I get a full rest in short rest time.
Timothy Sackton: I know you're.
Timothy Sackton: What that does is when you take a short rest, you can use that as part of the short rest to meditate and regain spouse lots.
John Leeker: All my spell slots are going to skip.
Timothy Sackton: I know it should say on the feature.
Timothy Sackton: i'm checking for you right now um you can you can recover spouse loss that have a total combined level of up to three.
Timothy Sackton: Data so one third level or a second in a first or three first.
John Leeker: data.
Mike Sackton: Before I take a short rest i'm just going to send the shadow beast all the way up the slot Canyon to make sure that they're.
Timothy Sackton: There is nothing else there, this was the entire no army that was guarding the entrance.
Mike Sackton: And then I also want to drag the knoll over and show it to the body see how it reacts.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it it recognizes the body and freaks out and snarls at you and tries to bite you.
Eric Rosenbaum: said something in.
Timothy Sackton: Like a guttural like curses at you and and got her own language you don't understand and then like tries to run but presumably don't let that.
Mike Sackton: I assume the guttural language is not goblin.
Now.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: Now, does it if anybody does anybody speak a bit all.
David (he/him): No.
John Leeker: No, no.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: I understand that nope.
Timothy Sackton: nope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's a.
Week.
Mike Sackton: um.
David (he/him): And up until today, those Dudes were super chill.
David (he/him): Today, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: today.
David (he/him): Oh yeah the great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I gotta.
Listen.
Mike Sackton: i'm i'm not sure there's much value in keeping the know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: alive yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Sandra Center definitely is in favor of killing it she does not want to see.
Timothy Sackton: Anything that could possibly hurt her God or left to live in this Kenyan.
Mike Sackton: Sure yeah yeah well burn the bodies during the short during our.
Mike Sackton: yep rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: That can be the last active Bernard.
Timothy Sackton: yeah perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: What happens.
Timothy Sackton: It just fades away he goes back to the elemental plane of fire.
Timothy Sackton: Burning the body is he watches he watches you and then, as you begin to take a short rest he kind of gives you a little bow and then slowly fades away, leaving a trail of sparks as he disappears into the sky.
Eric Rosenbaum: We salute you Bernard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did great.
David (he/him): Yes, Bernard because he burns hard.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you sit.
Timothy Sackton: down for your short rest i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Eating down with.
Timothy Sackton: Making the best T can have the magically summon food that Center has created, which is normally pretty bland but with Dallas creative tweaking that actually makes a pretty satisfying dinner.
Timothy Sackton: You set around the campfire.
Timothy Sackton: The sleeping Jimmy in the 10s.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And 10s of those wants to ask about the about the wellspring and.
In.
Learn okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You had a role play it, or should we just.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah let's role play it for a little bit the last spring it's interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you can you say more about the wellspring we were only there for for a little bit of time, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How is it connected Shapiro in and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, can you tell us more more about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm very interested in learning more about it, and also the the nature of sugar and chickens relations to the other gods.
Timothy Sackton: She says, I do not fully understand it myself and then she like flaps for edge says wait before we discuss in the heat of the battle and rescuing my daughter, I completely forgot to put up the barrier.
Timothy Sackton: We will be much safer.
Timothy Sackton: Cancer, will you help me for a moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: course.
Timothy Sackton: She takes the heart out and she goes over and you watch the same thing that's happened before the sort of illusion of rubble and sort of fills the Canyon and and fills the slot Canyon as well and and sort of creates this.
Timothy Sackton: illusion that blocks entry.
Timothy Sackton: And then she says.
Timothy Sackton: I wish I understood more about the mysteries of Chicago and.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: i've always had her power.
Timothy Sackton: But, to be honest, I have never studied her nature, when you can.
Timothy Sackton: act with a snap of the finger she snapped her finger and like it, you know, a trail of star sprinkles out and you and you feel the ground around you begin to shake a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to care about.
Timothy Sackton: The details I feel her power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and your daughter has shares the same connection, as you do.
Timothy Sackton: I believe so, yes.
Timothy Sackton: But I do know this, I know.
Timothy Sackton: The magic of the heart.
Timothy Sackton: Those who.
Timothy Sackton: enter these illusions, who enter chicagoans protection with ill intent.
Timothy Sackton: don't just wander in this world.
Timothy Sackton: They find their way to another world cocoons round where they end up lost.
Timothy Sackton: And I believe that is where the wellspring leads every time I have stepped through it has looked different sometimes a great forest amaze of tangle they get sometimes.
Timothy Sackton: rocky desert of twisting canyons sometimes a vast endless plain, with no markers to navigate by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You.
Timothy Sackton: And there are.
Timothy Sackton: There are rumors that the lost souls of those who have tried to.
Timothy Sackton: penetrate done Mars defenses.
Timothy Sackton: still wonder.
Timothy Sackton: hopeless and lost and chickens realm.
Timothy Sackton: It is a strange place and I have never gone out of sight of the wellspring for.
Timothy Sackton: Fear of.
Timothy Sackton: Where it may lead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is is the wellspring, so this is shockers domain, on the other side.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I believe she would not let me come to any harm.
Timothy Sackton: How much time never sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much time do we spend in there, who were.
Timothy Sackton: Spent like.
Timothy Sackton: You know a good 12 hours, but you didn't you didn't really leave anywhere, I mean you stayed at the right by the wellspring right by the portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does it look like on the inside, was there.
Eric Rosenbaum: same kind of cool.
Timothy Sackton: hold on one SEC.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so sorry, on the other side, it was the same sort of pool, it was a pool that drained so you watch this happen from the other side, you are in this.
Timothy Sackton: Endless grassland but right where you were there was this this pool that drained away to this bear muddy patch and then the wider began to fill again at the same when it failed on this side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right very.
Good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you don't mind me asking Sintra is is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the daughter's name again.
Timothy Sackton: To me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's jimmy's Father still with us.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Timothy Sackton: To me his father was a passing fancy.
Timothy Sackton: A traveler.
Timothy Sackton: He may still be alive, we have not kept in touch but he's not from Carolina.
Eric Rosenbaum: To after.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah great question.
Eric Rosenbaum: What did she want from you and from Jimmy.
Timothy Sackton: so out of character, for us, I mean this is kind of what she explained before she wanted.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow to.
Timothy Sackton: So there was this event like you know, a generation ago the summer of red storms that people knew about where this Oracle left terroir.
Timothy Sackton: and during that time, the when the supreme Oracle was out of care where the boundaries protections foul and there was like four months, when there were like attacks across the border and then the supreme Oracle came back and everything was fine.
Timothy Sackton: I get it doesn't know about or never learned about the heart as far as anybody knows, but did know that the.
Timothy Sackton: drawing the supreme Oracle out of character was somehow connected to the failure of the border protections now why she wanted the border protections to fall is.
Timothy Sackton: Like you don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a.
Timothy Sackton: Central alpha doesn't know but that's this was the conversation you had last time or.
Timothy Sackton: A couple sessions ago it's.
Timothy Sackton: clear that the.
Timothy Sackton: architect goal as far as anybody could understand was to draw Sintra out of terroir and keep her out of character in order to.
Timothy Sackton: Remove the protections on the border of done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But for what purpose.
Timothy Sackton: That that nobody knows.
John Leeker: Your card, without a doubt, we talk, I guess, also had a character she's in told us like the daughter was sick correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
John Leeker: What how was your daughter SEC.
Timothy Sackton: Do you not so we also had this conversation.
Timothy Sackton: last session i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A good question.
Timothy Sackton: And what Senator said last time was that it's the illness seem to be a some trick of God does because.
Timothy Sackton: When they got to the wellspring and she she was Jimmy was charmed by central was charmed by a got that ad.
Timothy Sackton: And some marquee one or both of them and well, she was charmed her daughter was just cured.
Timothy Sackton: So she assumed it with some some sort of track of a goddess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Central us be eager to return to Caroline.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, we should leave at first light.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: I think the way is safe now.
Timothy Sackton: Safe as it can be, and the faster we can travel and return.
Timothy Sackton: The heart to its home.
Timothy Sackton: The faster we can move past this awful episode and.
Timothy Sackton: restore balance.
Timothy Sackton: I will leave it first light with my daughter in the.
Timothy Sackton: And the heart, I need to rest and recover before I can feel confident and traveling.
Timothy Sackton: Well, well, I will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: escort you yes.
Timothy Sackton: I would be grateful for your company, you have proved to be.
Timothy Sackton: quite useful in a fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't always have a fire elemental with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: We do we do have between many powers.
Timothy Sackton: I was an unexpected boon, I must admit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The hearts return will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yield any changes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think the centaurs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their their mission will be the film.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also, I wonder if now the town's people will be able to return out of character of the town's pete the town is like in Tokyo right today i'll fly to Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's where all the refugees, when.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This may also Harold the return of the refugees and the rebuilding of Carola.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just so long as crash does not expand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: In his.
Eric Rosenbaum: Short powers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the warrior guiding.
Eric Rosenbaum: With an h&r darian.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm sure it will be eager to learn more of the intelligence, that we have to share, about garage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very good.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you told them about what you you already told them that.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the sooner we can.
Timothy Sackton: rebuild our defenses and get back to normal, the happier, I will be.
Timothy Sackton: And, in some ways the timing is perhaps fortuitous for the Feast of the schema is coming up in a few weeks, and people will be eager to celebrate and remember.
Timothy Sackton: And if we hurry, I think.
Timothy Sackton: We can get news to the refugees.
Timothy Sackton: To be back in the village, by the time.
Timothy Sackton: That happens that would make me pleased.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we all could use a celebration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's been a long, arduous setup months.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: She.
Timothy Sackton: Look at this point, as the conversation kind of pauses for bed she looks over at the line of stuff strewn out from a garden some work, his body, and she says.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have plans for these things I am.
Timothy Sackton: I am leery of some of gartner's magic but glancing at these items, many of them seem to be have been collected or stolen from other people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you aware of any of their powers.
Timothy Sackton: On i'm just checking what spell she has.
Timothy Sackton: No, I am.
Timothy Sackton: That has never been my.
Timothy Sackton: forte understanding that sort of magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have to study these things.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes of those at least look she's sort of glancing over now those.
Timothy Sackton: Those boots.
Timothy Sackton: Those are certainly.
Timothy Sackton: Look, to my I have done, Mario make.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: And that the.
Timothy Sackton: That ring that.
Timothy Sackton: The giant was wearing that.
Timothy Sackton: The brass ring with the garnet set of that also.
Timothy Sackton: looks to my eye done Mari.
Timothy Sackton: I guess a gotham must have.
Timothy Sackton: collected many items for many people over her long tenure.
Timothy Sackton: lose some some may be safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If it may be worthwhile finding a goddess layer to see what.
Mike Sackton: I was wondering that as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, maybe hit in there, because if we don't get there first somebody will.
Mike Sackton: bleed.
Mike Sackton: open to the world now and, who knows who might.
Mike Sackton: Be stocking it.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead to cut.
John Leeker: She kept her captured people close to her, maybe, those are the other three are.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say the same, I wonder what has be fallen these three delis points at the three remaining figures, these three.
Mike Sackton: careers poor souls cursed by her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sintra.
Timothy Sackton: You don't look familiar.
Timothy Sackton: She.
Timothy Sackton: pauses for a minute and take a closer look at the halfway.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, that that one does look familiar.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like one of the.
Timothy Sackton: tea leaf clan they used to, when I was a child, they used to.
Timothy Sackton: pass through terroir every.
Timothy Sackton: year so it's a big caravan maybe four or five wagons, a lot of them, it seems like a big family, they all traveled together, they would.
Timothy Sackton: bring things from chart and and.
Timothy Sackton: Stranger places.
Timothy Sackton: Coming from the West and pick up.
Timothy Sackton: pick up things in carwash from you know some of the stuff we would make from the desert and sell the goods from chart and.
Timothy Sackton: it's been years since i've seen the tea leaves passing through Carola, though.
Timothy Sackton: I always wondered why they stopped coming.
David (he/him): to her.
John Leeker: or she sought them out.
David (he/him): For the middle bargain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far is the layer from here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so as far as you know, it's I mean Center doesn't particularly know but based on your you know understanding of the geography of the of the.
Timothy Sackton: The geography of the train it's if I switch us over to this map.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: it's probably.
Timothy Sackton: Come on, I don't want to turn or.
Timothy Sackton: it's maybe 50 miles.
Timothy Sackton: south east of here.
Mike Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Was opposite direction is CARA CARA was like 40 miles northeast.
Mike Sackton: I still think we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turn the heart.
Mike Sackton: kensal I, I agree, I think, investigating her where is valuable if for no other reason than freeing these poor souls seems like worthy cause.
Mike Sackton: I think we must return Center to Kerala first.
David (he/him): A more urgent.
I agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To the farewell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just checking.
Timothy Sackton: How far the farewell tour analysts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just saw this Green arrow up here.
Timothy Sackton: Your energy 50 miles Well now, you know where another partner was.
Mike Sackton: Not the.
Timothy Sackton: Wild but not to the firewall but to another place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right and how is it all connected like maybe we should go on a journey through cocoons world or what is it called.
Timothy Sackton: chicagoans around.
Eric Rosenbaum: turns around.
Timothy Sackton: nobody's really given a.
Timothy Sackton: Clear name to it it's not obvious that has a name.
David (he/him): Oh, it strikes me, I want to run back up to the top of the stairs and see if anyone went off in another direction.
David (he/him): Of the.
Timothy Sackton: People we know ah yeah make make a survival check.
Timothy Sackton: There are you don't see any obvious tracks, leaving the encampment heading.
Timothy Sackton: away from the encampment if there is somebody who went off somewhere, they would have they must have done so very sneakily.
David (he/him): Oh, so we knew the count of who was there.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah yeah.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you killed everybody.
Timothy Sackton: You can count the badass you.
John Leeker: killed everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, all right, this is gonna be going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You remember how Sam murky and a got that had like fucking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like wanting talkies.
Eric Rosenbaum: We found her was yeah that's in the file.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's in the file.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So as to what are what are they they're just like.
Timothy Sackton: stone.
Mike Sackton: To paired stones, should we try and use them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we should.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should you know what we should test is if somebody takes one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into the wellspring.
Eric Rosenbaum: In two seconds room.
David (he/him): Good to go across planes.
Timothy Sackton: I was spring is closed at the moment it's only open for the hour right on.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we're gonna wait overnight.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so you're gonna sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I was like should we try it now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it and they time now.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's my time now.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we can we can certainly test the stones.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just can't go into the room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza kenza takes one and starts running.
Just like.
Mike Sackton: The other one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like monk out like kind of running jumping you know looking like a fucking parquet like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And gets gets pretty far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
Timothy Sackton: i'm ready you do.
Timothy Sackton: What.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you can use only.
Mike Sackton: pick up the stone.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll pick up my stone.
Mike Sackton: I will.
Mike Sackton: I will just say something.
You.
Eric Rosenbaum: said, like what.
Eric Rosenbaum: I call.
Mike Sackton: Like that you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: swipe on.
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Mike Sackton: there's got to be a command word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On my iPhone.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: put my password in.
John Leeker: There we still have like.
John Leeker: Like her thumb to put on it.
Mike Sackton: No, I won't really face idea of agata.
Eric Rosenbaum: hey I gotta please call.
Mike Sackton: Do we remember.
Mike Sackton: I just wanted to say murky he didn't like say anything before he used it did he.
Timothy Sackton: He he did something to it with his he was like holding it and he made some sort of gesture like he was manipulating it in some way.
Mike Sackton: I will try and copy his gesture.
Timothy Sackton: Make.
Timothy Sackton: I would say either decks or intelligence check.
Mike Sackton: Whichever you prefer and making our content check.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can make in our kind of check.
Mike Sackton: I prefer that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I make a decks check.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: What are you saying you do this and then what are you saying.
Mike Sackton: I still say.
Mike Sackton: Hello i'll say kenzo greetings from camp.
Timothy Sackton: you hear coming out of the.
Timothy Sackton: stone you're holding down with voice saying kenzo greetings from camp.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I say kenzo I can I can hear you can I can hear you dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do, I try to do the motion as well.
Timothy Sackton: That guy making our kind of check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, is that we are Connor I just didn't make a decks check.
Eric Rosenbaum: this'll.
Timothy Sackton: this'll never know that's.
Timothy Sackton: that's your proficiency.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's good enough 15 is good enough.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, now that doll was figured it out, he can.
John Leeker: Show.
Timothy Sackton: You all anyway it's just a way that you sort of twist the stone to activate it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice Nice, so that we now, we can do have to do that, every time, like every time we say something.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's like an APP basically.
Timothy Sackton: You need to use an action to activate the stone every time.
Mike Sackton: old school push to talk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly 10 says like this is going to be an extremely useful tool for us.
Timothy Sackton: Over so you keep like just testing it out yeah so after about a minute conversation they stop working.
It.
Timothy Sackton: seems like they need to recharge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it brings it back to Camp but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This, this is a very, this is a valuable tool for us we're often in situations where it seems we can't communicate with each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: And if a goddess houses 50 miles away.
Mike Sackton: must have been quite the range.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it must be at least that.
David (he/him): yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: extremely valuable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shall we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get some rest for our journey back to Kerala.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think we rest we returned to Kerala we restore the heart.
Mike Sackton: Man, we got a while, then we can discuss where to go what to do next, but I feel I get says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were there's also.
Mike Sackton: Two things we haven't decided what to do with.
Mike Sackton: The four Scorpions they're still lying in the sand.
Mike Sackton: And the fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also, when we returned to town, we should show the sector a mirror of the sector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which may provide us with some clues of any traps or any other things that may awaits us at a golf slayer.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so what are you going to do anything about the two stuff two things you haven't done anything with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Center.
Timothy Sackton: For you sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what does ginger think about.
Timothy Sackton: I mean send your things everything except for the.
Timothy Sackton: thing she recognizes is done Mario is dangerous and she doesn't want.
Timothy Sackton: anything to do with it, but she's not like.
David (he/him): I think we should keep all the magic convert all the bodies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What up, but what about the Scorpions on the fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we can make an earthen.
Eric Rosenbaum: horse corral.
David (he/him): The fly magic.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, why is that.
Mike Sackton: The transportation thing Dallas was afraid to.
Mike Sackton: touch it because he thinks it's going to turn him into a fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: But um it might allow you to turn other people into centipedes or what.
Mike Sackton: Might yeah.
Mike Sackton: Absolutely seeker you're welcome to do whatever you'd like with.
Eric Rosenbaum: It well, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would be interested to be able to turn people, aside from will be perhaps into centipedes.
David (he/him): it's me to be a centipede.
Eric Rosenbaum: way I was that, like a lot of legs.
David (he/him): lot of legs, although it's a it's easier than you think it just it sort of comes, naturally.
John Leeker: He just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Put one foot after another, after another, after another, after.
David (he/him): Well, we dropped it out of a bag when we just pick it up with the bag like dog poop again and carry in the bag.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like xp poop um.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'll just you know what i'll put all five things back into a pouch.
Timothy Sackton: With match and.
Mike Sackton: With a chance and stick them in the pile.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And now you sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: You care for the watch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: expression well I got over to the side a little bit like I like I like the earth and I, like the earth and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what I like I like because we don't want animated Scorpions like fucking with us, while we sleep.
Mike Sackton: They might wake up and turn into Scorpions.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what i'm saying 10 foot long Scorpions yeah.
David (he/him): burn burn burn them.
John Leeker: Which.
John Leeker: I thought for earth in cage and see what happens over the evening, like when we wake up, we can see if they're still they could be useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: earthen cage like far from camp.
Eric Rosenbaum: And also sprinkle water on them.
David (he/him): to reconstitute yeah.
Mike Sackton: My zoom is being tab on messy if I get better if I just to restart i'll be right back okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: earthen cage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or we eat them all there's there's four of them there's four of them in the fly so each each pick one thing you need it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the fly is made of some sort of black stone.
John Leeker: For conflict currently do tasty.
Eric Rosenbaum: So when Mike comes back, we tell him that.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenzo and your crowd good both guy killed by the Scorpions.
say.
John Leeker: Because like you couldn't cook them.
Eric Rosenbaum: They might have just been a snack that's true.
Timothy Sackton: gradients let's not spend an hour deciding where you're going to do about the scarf.
And sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll make a hole in the ground we can put a lid over it, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so the power to add the five Scorpions and the black or the fourth Scorpions in the black fly is in the ground covered with earth yep okay.
Timothy Sackton: When you now all sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay well the evening.
Timothy Sackton: On the night passes on eventually.
Timothy Sackton: And you wake up to the sound of a happy toddler babbling at 5am in the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, so we take long risks.
Timothy Sackton: saying so you can all take a long rest playing with sentra that are playing like one of those you know.
Timothy Sackton: games.
Timothy Sackton: And as you emerge from your tend Center ways over.
Timothy Sackton: there's food same old bland stuff but it's filling.
Timothy Sackton: As soon as you're ready.
Timothy Sackton: let's pack up and get moving.
Timothy Sackton: i'm in order to be on the road.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now we'll dig up the Scorpions I guess.
Timothy Sackton: they're still there still a pouch you may change it open there's still for dried Scorpions and a black obsidian fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we don't still have the.
Eric Rosenbaum: discovery.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you do.
Timothy Sackton: But it only last six out, it has it.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't last more than six hours a day, so it's not.
Timothy Sackton: super useful for overland travel.
Mike Sackton: where's baxter.
David (he/him): he's guarding the horses.
Timothy Sackton: were at this point he's on his way back to characterize and he because he.
John Leeker: Oh yeah.
David (he/him): yeah he's oh.
Mike Sackton: No that's too bad no horses.
Eric Rosenbaum: So baxter was instructed to give up all hope on us, if he didn't return in some set of minutes.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no wait wait wasn't how long did you tell them.
David (he/him): I forget it was like 2448 hours or.
Mike Sackton: But it's been.
Timothy Sackton: Even more than four spend like three days.
Mike Sackton: we've had three nights.
David (he/him): yeah he definitely took the horses back.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far is it from here to care.
Timothy Sackton: 140 it's only like 40 miles, you can I mean he took all your.
Timothy Sackton: Food but centric and summon food.
Timothy Sackton: For you so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Long as day of hiking.
Timothy Sackton: yeah basically you've got a you know, a day and a half of hiking.
Eric Rosenbaum: She couldn't make it will make it easier for us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: So you gather up all the magic.
Timothy Sackton: set off a day and a half of hiking.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you use the goggles on the fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can now I can goggles once per day, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will do that yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: As we walk.
Mike Sackton: A strap the goddess to myself hold them, I mean i'll hold the fly with me Chan didn't seem to hurt me last time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, thanks.
Timothy Sackton: So the fly.
Timothy Sackton: Is a.
Timothy Sackton: So it's um.
Timothy Sackton: It can, if you if you hold it and speak a command word it can transform into a giant fly.
Timothy Sackton: That is about the size of a horse and can be written.
or slow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, you can ride on it.
John Leeker: wow it will fly when you write it as a walk on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: That i'll fly when you write it.
Eric Rosenbaum: must be fast if it's proportional.
David (he/him): A long does it stay as a fly like a giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: hold on.
Mike Sackton: 1212 seconds wow.
Timothy Sackton: And then you can't use it again for.
Timothy Sackton: Two days.
John Leeker: Do you write on its backwards, like it pick you up with the total file aches.
Timothy Sackton: You ran as back it's the size of a horse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But so it can take two people.
Timothy Sackton: know one person, maybe one person plus wealthy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Turn others will be can just shuttle people back and forth over and over again wow I wonder what its top speed is in.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's pretty fast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Most people out to.
Eric Rosenbaum: A horse that's freaking awesome does it have any attacks Probably not.
Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I sit, like easily diverted by things that smell bad.
Possibly.
David (he/him): Does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is that that's how she travels.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's us yeah it's gotta be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not a stylish way to travel, but it's effective.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: You can't on eventually um it's a little bit slower going then you're used to with a three year old, who spends a lot of time writing on the floating desk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice Nice.
Timothy Sackton: But you managed but Center as really pushing hard and like constantly encouraging her and kind of lowering forward as best you can with little magic tricks and like.
Timothy Sackton: bright lights in the stone that appear 50 feet in front of her and they play little games of like you know pong passing things back and forth as illusions on the stone with each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: awesome.
Timothy Sackton: And you managed to you pass it on eventful night.
Timothy Sackton: next morning, you can identify something else, if you want um.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah oh yes um.
Mike Sackton: You have like a list of what these things are typed up somewhere TIM.
Mike Sackton: yep not what they actually are what we.
Eric Rosenbaum: What the no yeah.
Mike Sackton: What we now can you like put it in chat.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a lot of things about that that one will do next.
Timothy Sackton: The wand is a one that shoots acid as that's in d&d beyond it's called a wand of acid arrows you can just pull it up.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't manage to get all of them into the end beyond.
Timothy Sackton: I think the staff might be the saboteur might be in D amp D beyond.
Timothy Sackton: The fly, I did not get into the ND beyond, but I can put that in chat i'm actually you know what it's it is actually it's the ebony fly figuring of wondrous power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, sweet.
David (he/him): Nice one.
John Leeker: What I googled ebony fly an auto completed the rest of it.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just check that if the if I put in the sector of command.
Timothy Sackton: yep that is.
Timothy Sackton: That is also there.
Timothy Sackton: So you should be able to add that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So who's Taking all these things.
Mike Sackton: Well, so what do we know about, so far we have hold on, let me look at that.
Mike Sackton: acid areas.
David (he/him): For plus 2d for the next term or say for half someone who doesn't have a good range attack that's a good range tech.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that'd be good I would love i'll get arrange attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, yes, I take it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should get a rigid attack do that right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean my spells our own.
Eric Rosenbaum: Long Range so that's okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the range of the one again.
Mike Sackton: It is the acid arrow spell.
David (he/him): Then defeat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's sweet.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's pretty solid yeah no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's great actual lat long range weapon, how long is your address that last are like.
Mike Sackton: Dallas shoots I mean he could shoots eldridge blasts he has a good range to attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know what's the range.
Mike Sackton: what's the range is 90 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice yeah that would be useful, then wow so having a range weapon will be pretty sweet.
To me.
cool.
Timothy Sackton: So what.
Timothy Sackton: You did or you did the one today so then.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So then, this afternoon, you approach.
Timothy Sackton: was all you approach.
These.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just check one thing.
meal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Day.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we can we can figure out that.
Timothy Sackton: I don't want to take time during.
Timothy Sackton: yeah during the session to figure that out i'm pretty sure that one.
Timothy Sackton: can only be used by a spell caster because it uses your spell attack.
Timothy Sackton: But let's let's.
Timothy Sackton: let's all.
Timothy Sackton: i'll send you after you've done the wind of acid arrows.
Timothy Sackton: The saboteur.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the fly.
Timothy Sackton: On the fly i'll send you a and you have the message stones as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: message stones.
Timothy Sackton: i'll i'll put these out sometime after the session i'll put everything in D amp D beyond and i'll send you an email.
Mike Sackton: That way, how many items are we not yet.
Timothy Sackton: identified so the things you have not yet identified are.
Timothy Sackton: there's a bunch actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: template there's like three rings and.
Timothy Sackton: Yet there's like three rings three rings, the boots.
Timothy Sackton: And then the smoky glass vial the and the amber with a spider inside.
Timothy Sackton: happened.
John Leeker: What did we do with the Scorpions.
Mike Sackton: I don't know, it was also for Scorpions.
Timothy Sackton: Scorpions which.
Timothy Sackton: were not magical as far as you can tell.
Timothy Sackton: But so far just on the necklace that's made of dried humanoid tongues.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God the necklace.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says something to do with a tongue this spell but.
Mike Sackton: That would be my guess.
David (he/him): or third trophies from.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: But it's magical.
Timothy Sackton: i'm keeping i'm just making a note of what you've.
Timothy Sackton: identified.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whenever it allows you to like listen to every line any language or speak any language.
Mike Sackton: My guess is the necklace of tongues has what kind of magic wasn't.
divination.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: summon something.
Mike Sackton: Well divination is usually like figuring something else right so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sending any language speaking any language it.
Mike Sackton: it's probably like a necklace of the tongue spell that's probably divination spell yeah.
Mike Sackton: If that's what it is we could have used it to talk to them no.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh good in some.
Mike Sackton: There was some chance right there was like four gems.
Timothy Sackton: None of the jams are magical.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: A fancy diamond and for.
Timothy Sackton: uncut mix gems not like garnets and an obsidian that aren't didn't look as valuable and then there's a silver ring with a obsidian stone.
Mike Sackton: And then there was the three creepy dolls.
Timothy Sackton: The three creepy dolls.
Timothy Sackton: And the broken doll of June.
John Leeker: 2 brass ring.
Timothy Sackton: You up the three rings were there were four rings total one of the silver ring with obsidian it's not magical there's a doll silver ring that resists effort to look at it there's the.
Timothy Sackton: gold ring that has braided that's made of like braided twists and a brass ring with a with a gannett sat inside that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow Kansas going to get one of acid arrow it's exciting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh so we're not sure if you can use it, though, because the spell caster thing.
Timothy Sackton: It uses your spell attack.
Timothy Sackton: DC and you are sorry your spell attack modifier and you don't have a spell attack modifier.
Timothy Sackton: Fine, if you're very excited about it, I could change that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it'd be nice to have a range weapon says it doesn't ever ranged weapon.
Timothy Sackton: True.
Eric Rosenbaum: With the exception of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Elsa that have been shot at you.
Mike Sackton: isn't it usually the case that if something doesn't work for a class it says.
Mike Sackton: It would.
Timothy Sackton: This is, this is a total, this was a homebrew item that I made out for kids bard character.
Timothy Sackton: And I liked it, so I decided to reuse that but I when I this I put this in D amp D beyond like a year ago.
Timothy Sackton: I haven't looked at it, since.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does it mean that the arrows are acid.
Mike Sackton: Well, Indian D beyond the ones that require a spell caster usually say.
Timothy Sackton: They require the two men by yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Right, but because I made it for a bar they wouldn't have put.
I base yeah.
Mike Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: See, the problem is I based on the wand of magic missiles which, because they automatically hit right doesn't specify a spell attack.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: But I haven't looked to see whether.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it could be similar to the there's like the circle it of blasting which is.
Timothy Sackton: which has a fixed.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: there's lots of magic items that can work, I mean you can it's easy to make it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I could just make it happen, I could make this version have a fixed.
Timothy Sackton: Have a plus five to hit.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: that's easy enough, so I can I will edit it if you're excited about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah be great to have a range weapon.
Eric Rosenbaum: As if kinzer wasn't dangerous enough.
Mike Sackton: yeah you have arranged weapon kenzo your enemies arrows.
Timothy Sackton: So you come to care, while.
Timothy Sackton: Standing now on the.
Timothy Sackton: On the Mesa looking down over the town.
Timothy Sackton: Quiet without much sign of activity now at the.
Timothy Sackton: You know just after lunch, the hardest part of the day, most people sort of hiding in the shade.
Timothy Sackton: And as you approach Sintra like grabs a grabs jimmy's hand and sort of hides the stone she does something to it and it sort of fades from view.
Timothy Sackton: And she rushes down.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what sits for you.
Mike Sackton: The heart.
Timothy Sackton: The heart.
Timothy Sackton: and actually start before she sort of heads down into town she says.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, be careful, who you who you.
Timothy Sackton: Tell this story to.
Timothy Sackton: The power of the heart.
Timothy Sackton: Is weekend for every.
Timothy Sackton: soul that knows of its existence, but is not an initiate.
Timothy Sackton: I will, if you do not mind.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead by.
Timothy Sackton: Quiet paths and immediately get to work as quickly as possible, restoring the defense's.
Mike Sackton: Is dear yes.
Timothy Sackton: I hope to see you again before you leave town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think will stay for the celebration, so we may be here for a few weeks.
Timothy Sackton: That would be wonderful.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps kenza we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go to the layer
Mike Sackton: Go to the layer before the celebration.
I agree, I agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
yeah.
John Leeker: Cod nods.
John Leeker: We still don't know why they wanted a weekend the spells.
John Leeker: there's the three missing people there may be evidence about.
Timothy Sackton: So so Center cuz I had.
Timothy Sackton: And you all follow the trails in the past down into care of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Chicago because we have a way of potentially learning more of a God says motivations.
which we can attempt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: momentarily.
Mike Sackton: Well, I wonder which of these.
Mike Sackton: Items would tell us the most I almost wish we had kept something more personal and first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the sector, maybe have great use at least learning more about the fate of these three.
Mike Sackton: We kind of course show the mirror.
Mike Sackton: One of these three.
Eric Rosenbaum: That.
Eric Rosenbaum: seems like it could be an interest.
David (he/him): We also have the occur vile from ravens want to show them your but may shed more light into the demons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and then I think if I, if I have next visit is to I got this layer some an item of a God says may be useful to tell us to give us some hints of what we might expect that.
Mike Sackton: If we if we show the mirror, what is the Feast of.
Timothy Sackton: The feast of the schema.
Timothy Sackton: The schema so it'll be the the.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: it's in it's in like it's in like a week or two it's I can.
Timothy Sackton: figure out the exact date.
Mike Sackton: But it's an approximate yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah a few weeks.
Mike Sackton: If we.
Mike Sackton: If we rest for a night and then strikeout for the lair when we return.
Mike Sackton: We will have time to let the mirror recharge and to.
Mike Sackton: recuperate and where what we can and in Kerala before setting out.
somewhere.
Mike Sackton: But I, but I think.
Mike Sackton: As kinds of says, looking at some of a goddess item to see what we can learn about her where.
Mike Sackton: If anything, might be valuable I do feel compelled to try to save these.
Mike Sackton: Three who have been caught in her web it may not be possible at this point, but.
Really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: sounds like they might have been so and trapped for many years.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so my have interesting stories to tell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we talk to you can dress up.
Mike Sackton: As it stands, let us see how Caroline is.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we should talk to control, I would not mind.
Mike Sackton: Speaking to the centers as well.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: They may know something of a data.
Mike Sackton: that they have not previously shared.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an interesting thought.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you know, obviously you, you know as you enter town you attract some attention you're not like trying to sneak in the back door, or anything so news begins to spread of your return and your you know pretty notable figures around caraway these days.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The first, before you can even sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, say anything before you can like decide who you want to talk to you first or anything i'm Sintra or sorry kendra is like comes walking quickly out from the oasis Square.
Timothy Sackton: towards you like a big smile on his face.
Timothy Sackton: That, as the approaches, he sort of greets all of you, in turn, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: I just I just heard, I saw her I can't say much now, and I must go help her.
Timothy Sackton: With what needs to be done to begin to rebuild what we lost but.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: am forever in your debt.
Timothy Sackton: You have.
Timothy Sackton: You have saved me from my greatest mistake, you have saved us all.
Timothy Sackton: And if there is anything I can ever do.
Timothy Sackton: to repay this favor.
Timothy Sackton: just asked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: out of character, you can carve our heads into the Mesa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of all of our faces.
Timothy Sackton: can do that actually.
John Leeker: Can we become full members now fullness shoots at the heart spin returned.
John Leeker: don't we like partial initiates.
John Leeker: yeah the ritual on be completed, because the heart.
Timothy Sackton: So by do you are you asking him this are you asking me as the DM.
i'm.
John Leeker: I am asking the fellow party men are like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This.
John Leeker: Something we would be interested in.
John Leeker: When its power and its connection to the land.
John Leeker: i'm interested, because its connection to my villages.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think for those that are interested in becoming a disciple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not necessarily an easy path, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Allow your enthusiasm and your intuition to guide you through cotton, I know for myself this is part of my path forward is learn learn learn the way of chicken.
Eric Rosenbaum: isn't it the case that, as people aware of the heart, we become a drain on the web.
Eric Rosenbaum: So initiates.
Timothy Sackton: Although centric does explained during the journey that.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Now that now that the heart is back.
Timothy Sackton: She can kind of cauterize those.
Timothy Sackton: threads and you and the knowledge of the heart will slowly fade from your mind.
Timothy Sackton: If you would.
Timothy Sackton: Choose that option as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: or coming hursley we could be.
Timothy Sackton: Firstly, you could become initiates.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then we'd be bound to the fate of.
Eric Rosenbaum: The temple of chicken.
Timothy Sackton: You can all make that decision for your own characters I mean, yes, you will be connected to this network, the effects of which are.
Timothy Sackton: Not clearly known to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Timothy Sackton: It clearly would tie you and some metaphysical way to this place.
Timothy Sackton: But there is also the option of just having this thread.
Timothy Sackton: cauterized in your retain the sort of you'll retain your memories of all the events that happened, but you will sort of lose the ability to kind of see the initiates and see the web of connections, among them anymore.
Timothy Sackton: And you overtaken only a sort of vague sense of exactly what's your cousin's heart was, I mean you'll know you won't lose any of your memories just the like visions from the ritual that.
Timothy Sackton: sort of opened up the idea of exactly what this web of power was.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can just be like forget it i'm going to stay a drain on the.
Timothy Sackton: They have no.
Timothy Sackton: They have no pat nobody has any power to.
John Leeker: force you to choose one of those.
Timothy Sackton: two options.
Timothy Sackton: And it wasn't chosen explaining.
Mike Sackton: This would they would this be like a conversation we're having on the way here.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: dealt with whatever immediately asked central to cauterize.
Timothy Sackton: tech guy.
David (he/him): yeah same with.
John Leeker: The one.
John Leeker: True God wants to join he's already connected through the mountains to this place.
John Leeker: He wants to complete that connection.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret cut arises.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um she so I mean this isn't something she she just needs your permission she doesn't need your presence so as soon as.
Timothy Sackton: As soon as she is back within a few days you'll feel, though.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of while you won't really notice anything at all, but slowly your sense of right now, you can sort of immediately see who is an initiated, who is not when you just are walking around town.
Timothy Sackton: And over the next few days you're those three of you who are asking to be kind of disconnected from this network your sense well of this well slowly fade.
Timothy Sackton: For what it's worth our address also cheeses that route.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: All.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will say to control is.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: mistake may have been yours, but it's an honor to have been able to help all I ask is.
Mike Sackton: place to stay forever in town again.
Mike Sackton: and your blessing when you when we are here.
Timothy Sackton: You are always welcome to stay at the temple or.
Timothy Sackton: Honestly anywhere in town I don't think there is a single citizen of Kerala would not open their doors to you full heartedly after what you've done.
Eric Rosenbaum: My part i'd be especially interested to learn more about the temple itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: The stone of the temple and have them ASAP and a puzzle to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: and also the.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was it like.
Eric Rosenbaum: mud that grew.
Inside you.
Timothy Sackton: If you will.
Timothy Sackton: If you can be patient for a week or maybe two.
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: be happy to take you to the.
Timothy Sackton: Living heart of the Mesa once it is restored to its full.
Timothy Sackton: potential.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps, maybe even we could learn something from you how to more effectively cultivate this.
Timothy Sackton: Growing stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would be eager to investigate.
Mike Sackton: What question do we still have all that admit him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep.
Timothy Sackton: sitting around in your I assume you have some you start at all.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's still a kid dros a.
Timothy Sackton: Captain yeah can dress a.
Eric Rosenbaum: capital.
Mike Sackton: l with will say one other thing just almost as an aside he'll say perhaps if there is any skilled Smith, as of yet returns to town or when they do.
Mike Sackton: You could fashion from this metal we found a suit of Armor.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure when.
Timothy Sackton: josue returns.
Timothy Sackton: He would be up for the challenge it's now safe people will come back.
Mike Sackton: Has there been any word from Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: There will be a lashes writing tonight.
Timothy Sackton: To bring the news.
Timothy Sackton: We hope, by the time the festival.
Timothy Sackton: By the time of the Feast of beach my that people will be back.
Timothy Sackton: It will take.
Timothy Sackton: It will take a week Center tells me to be fully confident in our defenses again.
Timothy Sackton: But it'll take at least that long for the people to journey from toker anyway so.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps you might tell us.
Mike Sackton: Wait hold on remind me that the three figures one was a half fling.
Mike Sackton: yep one was.
Timothy Sackton: One was a here i'll just copy and paste them into chat one was a half lame one was a human the other two were human in like.
Timothy Sackton: done Mari dress.
Timothy Sackton: But sort of seemingly historical one, a young woman.
Timothy Sackton: A young woman, the other Middle aged man.
Mike Sackton: I will ask kendra actually show them to control.
Mike Sackton: and ask if he has any knowledge of these people.
Timothy Sackton: He looks at them for mommy says, those are skillfully done figures, they look almost lifelike.
Timothy Sackton: But no one I recognize.
Timothy Sackton: seem almost archaic and style.
Timothy Sackton: We do it now.
Mike Sackton: These these poor souls, we believe are still trapped by I get I get to this magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Selection town.
Timothy Sackton: No she wasn't okra she wrote to Telegraph.
Timothy Sackton: She laughed like you know she's leaving she is like leaving now she's has just written out as soon as kendra essa as soon as Center came in, she got the often kendra so I came to find you.
John Leeker: I think i'll.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead.
John Leeker: john thinking out loud about the three things, the one that broke is when we killed her correct.
Mike Sackton: When.
Mike Sackton: magic.
John Leeker: When seeker okay one secret okay.
But.
Mike Sackton: seeker you cast the spell magic on July right, not on the figure.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's an interesting quit.
Eric Rosenbaum: works, the other way, maybe not.
Mike Sackton: But you could maybe we could try it right like this ball magic you could.
Timothy Sackton: You could try it.
Mike Sackton: try my only fear would be this person will wake up in the middle of August.
Eric Rosenbaum: right in his basement.
Eric Rosenbaum: And somewhere.
Mike Sackton: die right die of thirst before we get there.
Mike Sackton: It seems.
Mike Sackton: risky risky.
David (he/him): But this is not the person themselves.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean clearly do my there was two of them right there was the little one and a big one.
Mike Sackton: Yes, um I would ask can Joe says one other favor.
Mike Sackton: We would like to gather all the information we can about anybody who has spoken to or heard stories we.
Mike Sackton: We fear to leave her were.
Mike Sackton: open to the world for who knows what magic might be waiting there for some ill.
Mike Sackton: fated user the char dhoni and grasping hands to steal.
Mike Sackton: But any.
Timothy Sackton: nation, we cannot reminds.
me.
Timothy Sackton: You mentioned chardon ian's I.
Timothy Sackton: My excitement to see you, I completely forgot, there was a group of them five that came out of the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Not four days ago.
Timothy Sackton: spent the night in Kerala after I must go into a fight with them.
Timothy Sackton: And then they left the next morning heading West back towards the distant lands or from.
Eric Rosenbaum: The word, by any chance.
Mike Sackton: I mean work out in.
Mike Sackton: At I guess is aware, before I get to after I get it was dead.
David (he/him): No.
Mike Sackton: No, I don't think it.
Timothy Sackton: No, they.
Timothy Sackton: They were no, they would have been in carwash like that night that you arrived at the wellspring.
Timothy Sackton: So they couldn't pass.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry go ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: They weren't by any chance, carrying spherical packages, where they.
Timothy Sackton: you'll have to, if you want more you'll have to ask pop stars or someone in his group they.
Timothy Sackton: I, for my part, they seem nice enough respectful and.
Timothy Sackton: Quiet but.
Timothy Sackton: have had some.
Timothy Sackton: Beef with them each.
Timothy Sackton: One of them had a magical sats saddle of Denmark make that was clearly enchanted in some way and.
Timothy Sackton: There was a.
Timothy Sackton: Some conflict about.
Timothy Sackton: ownership.
Timothy Sackton: They claim they found it in the desert and.
Timothy Sackton: It was abandoned and they took it and so it's there it's hard to I didn't see it that way.
Timothy Sackton: Some debate as to.
Timothy Sackton: Who the proper owner of treasure collected from last ruins really is I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: We think that anyway, what.
Timothy Sackton: I get to not my side.
Eric Rosenbaum: is finding powerful artifacts around the desert.
Timothy Sackton: well.
John Leeker: artifact artifact that could be more artifacts in for where.
Mike Sackton: There could yes.
Timothy Sackton: These chardon ian's headed West towards toker a.
Timothy Sackton: few days ago.
Mike Sackton: well.
Mike Sackton: We should um.
Mike Sackton: I think we should speak to have Dr but that I would certainly be interested in.
David (he/him): hearing more.
Eric Rosenbaum: I had one other.
Eric Rosenbaum: Question for kendra said.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have the ability to navigate into the world of dreams.
Eric Rosenbaum: isn't that isn't true, is there any connection between that form of travel.
Eric Rosenbaum: And entering the realm of Chicago.
Timothy Sackton: I did not know chicagoans around, particularly the dream world is.
Timothy Sackton: Now my experience of it is limited and a strange place where the past in the future blur together, and one can see.
Timothy Sackton: Visions echoes reflections of what.
Timothy Sackton: might happen or what has happened, or what might have happened.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow connected to some.
Timothy Sackton: Some some place where.
Timothy Sackton: souls light up the sky like stars.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Movement takes but a thought.
Timothy Sackton: yeah how they connect and how one travels.
Timothy Sackton: Is not.
Timothy Sackton: can do not understand fully.
Timothy Sackton: how this works.
Timothy Sackton: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The plane of consciousness plate of souls.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the.
Timothy Sackton: You would.
Timothy Sackton: You would know more of this tonight 10 zero coming from.
Timothy Sackton: The lock and tradition.
Timothy Sackton: I have not been initiated into their mysteries I don't know the names for these things the way you do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker they may yet be some strange connections between these realms as you into it.
Eric Rosenbaum: This what i've been wondering, since I came here.
It.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could you take us with you in their country, so.
Timothy Sackton: I can send.
Timothy Sackton: A person, a single person into the dream world but.
Timothy Sackton: The power of my staff has faded now and it will take some time for it to recharge now that the.
Timothy Sackton: magic of chicagoans temple is restored.
Timothy Sackton: Its power is tied to the the power that.
Timothy Sackton: keeps the Mesa alive and keeps done Marty safe and.
Timothy Sackton: It only has and once I used it up, I could not use it again until that was restored.
Timothy Sackton: So again, it will be some time.
Eric Rosenbaum: When the time comes.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a journey I think i'd like to make in regards to some questions from my own past and that of my family.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
David (he/him): what's the political structure of done bargain.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: it's ruled by an absolute monarch known as the some rot.
Timothy Sackton: Who is formally speaking, supposed to be chosen by the gods and historically usually was as far as we could tell actually chosen by the gods, but this has been under some debate since the Great War, and there is a semi democratic Council that meets to kind of confirm the.
Timothy Sackton: choice of the priesthood and the and the gods and appoint the ruler, but once a ruler has been appointed they become the head of the temple the temple all state administration and done more runs to the temple so taxation census.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know maintenance of trade basically everything that the state would do, and so, as the.
Timothy Sackton: Absolute head of the temple they're also the absolutely the state.
Timothy Sackton: Or the army as a military is a bit separate because that's just a levy taken from.
Timothy Sackton: The citizens, and so, in theory, they could refuse, although usually that would be difficult if the gods are telling you.
Timothy Sackton: to serve your country.
David (he/him): I asked him two things one is like.
David (he/him): letter of introduction recording what we did here for the ruler when we had West.
David (he/him): So our word.
Timothy Sackton: So he's perfectly happy to do that, although points out that.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: There the eastern Denmark east of East of toker has been.
Timothy Sackton: On only somewhat loosely affiliated with the Kingdom for a while now, and whether anybody will care about his word is not obvious.
Timothy Sackton: And, in fact, this has recently, like the.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you remember from a few sessions ago but the messenger came back from the King was made or the summer, it is basic like no i'm not going to defend you.
Timothy Sackton: you're on your own.
David (he/him): Well okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: ready is happy to write a letter.
Mike Sackton: get hurt to have a lot, I mean we get have to assign it to it can't hurt to have a letter with a couple of people from around here.
David (he/him): The other thing I wanted to ask was if there's the library in the temple time to copy over any of the maps found in there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: He they have a small library i'm not that many books, mostly just religious texts but.
Timothy Sackton: There are some like historical maps of Denmark that.
Timothy Sackton: He can share.
David (he/him): Like, especially if we end up going East again like yeah like what did Carson and the area around it look like it.
Mike Sackton: I started.
Mike Sackton: up from before the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: So so Tokyo, is where you would need to go to really find these things to cry toker predates the Great War it's one of the few cities that.
Timothy Sackton: has survived intact, since nearly the founding of done bar and it has a huge library and also the lock and monastery is you know the locking monks are kind of the keepers of not just metaphysical knowledge but also historical knowledge so.
Mike Sackton: Does can dress it know anybody in tow keira.
Timothy Sackton: Who might mean kenzo spent.
Timothy Sackton: Many years and Cobra.
Mike Sackton: I guess maybe Kansas, a better, but I mean.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if anybody who be impressed by can draw says introduction in Tokyo in a way that maybe some foreign.
Mike Sackton: Yes, further away sort of.
Timothy Sackton: yeah can dress I mean so so can dress I could certainly write you a letter of introduction I mean Kansas former.
Timothy Sackton: master the like speaker of lock I can dress is equivalent there on good terms.
Timothy Sackton: Of course you wouldn't really need an introduction I.
Mike Sackton: Was gonna say.
Timothy Sackton: to her, but he could also right he knows the the like.
Timothy Sackton: The priest that, like the head priest of the main main temple in in Tokyo as well um he is on friendly terms were then and and he has a significant.
Timothy Sackton: um you know civil authority in the city.
Timothy Sackton: So he'd be happy to write you that letter as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you some like official you know she couldn't seal or whatever.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I mean really what you want to do is wait for what was her name the the priest who ran the temple and in try to come back as well and get everybody from the town to sign up like the priest of the temple kendra's.
Timothy Sackton: kesa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this i'll do is take a selfie together and then.
Timothy Sackton: yeah right.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I also want to talk to the intro so then.
Timothy Sackton: then try and dress dress.
Mike Sackton: And I think we should test.
Mike Sackton: Again he's the Center.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and we should also talk to have Dr.
David (he/him): agree, we should see if thread russ has any spare identify spells.
Mike Sackton: We should control can code is the goddess of magic and control identify this stuff for us.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: No he can't.
David (he/him): The party is there anything can can do.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just let me just.
Timothy Sackton: Because normally clerics dunk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: universe feeling about that one time.
David (he/him): I actually kind of liked the arc that like when we first met him he seemed so like powerful and.
David (he/him): yeah role and everything and then over time as we've grown it's like.
Timothy Sackton: it's shrunk now the only class, you know who could identify.
Timothy Sackton: Lots of stuff for you as a as one.
Timothy Sackton: forge clerics get identify.
interesting.
Mike Sackton: Well it'll only take us six days to identify everything at.
Mike Sackton: ya are you I assume you're not playing with the rule that we can identify stuff at a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: You can attune to stuff at a short rest, but you won't know precisely what does, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You might you can experiment and figure out what it does once you're attuned to it.
Right.
Mike Sackton: um I think we can work with with the one a day now.
Timothy Sackton: So let me just like pause out a game for a SEC, so I want to wrap up a few of these things, I think, a good place to end will be.
Timothy Sackton: Like before you go back to a goddess layer, obviously, because that will take a session and I think probably record might want to come for that so we'll probably squeeze in one more session with john.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I would like to see if we can, if people are willing to stay up a bit later after we wrap up some casual stuff if we can do a short.
Timothy Sackton: Like no more than 1520 minutes in character, discussion about what you are doing next.
Timothy Sackton: Since we have six to have like five weeks off, I would really like to get it, I already have a goddess lair all planned i'd like to get a bit of a jump.
Timothy Sackton: On whatever is coming next if you're going to took our chart and or some random place East or the fe wild or going to go get locked in so coons relevant slowly starve to death and only to figure out how to.
Timothy Sackton: return your souls to mortal body is somehow.
Timothy Sackton: So I want to let's finish the the conversations that you want to play out, but then, if we can come to an ending point and then try and do a little bit of like over the campfire tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: This.
John Leeker: Guy will we get into shaded now or is that when we get back or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It takes time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not like yeah like.
John Leeker: um well just took her off camera for me basically.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so I also think like little things like that we might just run them out of sequence and do a few like half hour one off.
Timothy Sackton: role playing things between now and September for for things like that that don't that can that are just one person or two people and can have an off camera.
perfect.
Timothy Sackton: But that wouldn't happen now, I think we'll take some things out of sequence and do things well assume you live through a goddess layer and do you think that would normally happen.
Timothy Sackton: After I got there we'll just take will just take time and a slightly out of order way to make efficient use of our session scheduling schedule.
Mike Sackton: um so should we talk to our andros and have dire and then the other thing we wanted to do, but it could be by email, I guess, this show this chapter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do that.
let's do that in character.
Timothy Sackton: So kendra was that goes off to you know, to help Center.
Mike Sackton: And we do want him to gather any rumors or stories or people who might have hints about I mean I don't know if we have to role play that all out, but if there's anybody who.
Timothy Sackton: He will he will pass the word but it's really not going to be till everybody hill hill send you all I don't wanna.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we need yeah.
Timothy Sackton: lay that all set oh all included some stuff like that in the session notes.
Timothy Sackton: Is there's not that many people in town right.
Timothy Sackton: Now you'd find out a lot more waiting till.
Timothy Sackton: All the refugees get back, but you probably don't want to wait that long.
Mike Sackton: Now our plan is to go tomorrow morning I think right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, do we even need to role play at the hot dog conversation we want to learn lobster.
Mike Sackton: I just want to hear the story of the Charter onions.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we just quickly here that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: So kendra So it goes off he's.
Timothy Sackton: He goes to help Center is you got Roman board for as long as you want them.
Timothy Sackton: At the the Miss die then also slowly like in ones and twos start to kind of trickle into the into the temple in the Plaza around.
Timothy Sackton: The oasis which is like the town square these days slowly empties out until really the only people left in town, are the Center camp and and hotdogs camp, which is, by the ruins of acronyms tavern where we started several months in game ago.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you walk over to hop jazz camp, you can see, you know it's a quiet day, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: You know people kind of sitting around you see so half stars like um you know mentor fix a guy Smith animal handler is standing with baxter and your horses i'm like chatting with them.
Timothy Sackton: baxter looks up and runs towards well be as soon as he appears and he's wearing a boarding on his back like not the fit not like chainmail not the fanciest but like started leather basically um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, looks like it gives some some nice protection and there's like a few little.
Timothy Sackton: tweaks like now made this the saddle a little bit stable are easier to write on and he's got like these, like arrow mounts along the side, so you can like.
weapon arrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David (he/him): I tell him, but he was just the best xp so proud of him.
David (he/him): Like it actually looks good job.
Timothy Sackton: he's very happy to see you, and now just incessantly follows you around for the rest of the day um but Hoff garcia's you and and kind of welcome to you over and says the rumors have spread fast about your exploits.
Timothy Sackton: great to see you again.
Mike Sackton: Dallas oh say we are.
Mike Sackton: It is.
Mike Sackton: An honor to be back safely here.
Mike Sackton: We are in a bit of a hurry, though we.
Mike Sackton: We would like to hear a little bit more about these char donations you disagreed with.
Timothy Sackton: Those thieves.
Timothy Sackton: They.
Timothy Sackton: While they seem nice enough when they came, although i'm skeptical of.
Timothy Sackton: skeptical of any of them, to be honest, they can't they came from the desert they looked exhausted, there were there were five of them.
David (he/him): And what direction.
Timothy Sackton: from the East, from the garbage Allah desert.
Timothy Sackton: There was one mysterious one who didn't seem to speak much and seemed to be their leader, but the rest of them, you know we're couple warriors a you know, an Archer.
Timothy Sackton: Some wizard of some kinds.
Timothy Sackton: They they were you know.
Timothy Sackton: chatty they told us some strange tales of the desert some oasis surrounded by walls of sand.
Timothy Sackton: not sure how much I believed worms that erupted out of the earth to attack them said they fend them off.
Timothy Sackton: Spot some things like that around here those insect beast that spit acid sometimes come out.
Timothy Sackton: But then I noticed one of them had.
Timothy Sackton: Had saddled their horse with something that was clearly have done Marty make into my mind seemed like it must be magical it was very old.
Timothy Sackton: Last said it dated back to the.
Timothy Sackton: To the second hobgoblin were 150 years ago, and yet it was still completely new condition.
Timothy Sackton: Study found that out in the desert, and I said well if I found your halbert lying on the ground with that make it mine.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't really like that.
Timothy Sackton: But I.
Timothy Sackton: got my men together my band, and we, you know we.
Timothy Sackton: You know, we wanted to take back what was ours this, why should they write off with done Marty gear.
Timothy Sackton: But kendra was.
Timothy Sackton: told us can roast it calm people down, he said now's not the time to start a fight and.
Timothy Sackton: In this climate.
Timothy Sackton: You know, we can't be threatening those who come in peace.
Timothy Sackton: I would be happy to threaten those who come in peace, to be honest, if they're.
Timothy Sackton: If they're taking what's ours are disrespecting our land.
Timothy Sackton: But they left the next morning.
Timothy Sackton: The camp that you know far outside of town and kept watch themselves and we didn't.
Timothy Sackton: feel it was worth the trouble to bother them anymore.
Timothy Sackton: Just sick of these even the thumb right doesn't care about the.
Timothy Sackton: Those of us who keep to the old ways and.
Timothy Sackton: live on the land anymore, and the Charter money and it's just right through here like we don't even exist.
Timothy Sackton: Second, that.
Mike Sackton: You catch the names.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: He did any tells you their names I didn't get to making a purchase order the names.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they didn't have any a pair of large circle objects with them today.
Timothy Sackton: Large spherical objects.
John Leeker: intercom asked this.
John Leeker: looks quizzically it does like question.
Mike Sackton: You know so big.
Timothy Sackton: Now, not that I saw.
Timothy Sackton: The dinner table, I think.
Timothy Sackton: I don't even know what you're referring to there, what have I forgotten.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: died oh right yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But that's what that's northwestern here.
Timothy Sackton: You know, take it yeah you're right.
Mike Sackton: i'm i'm going to suggest that seeker take a few notes in his notebook around what these folks look like, just in case we run into them on the road.
Timothy Sackton: yep and you do know from the description that.
Timothy Sackton: These seem to be a different group than the ones who passed so i'm off Ross and Papa also told you about a group of charter audience, but their descriptions don't match up.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh hmm.
Mike Sackton: We should keep a roster somewhere, of all the chart Tony answer we're hearing about running around this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe we should just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go to charity and and figure some stuff out.
David (he/him): and ask Dr Wilson word.
David (he/him): And the other do.
Timothy Sackton: pop by not Ross.
David (he/him): Because like will be worries they're still going to think like a goblin or you know, like horns are invading like they should know what's going on.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he'll send them work.
Mike Sackton: well.
Mike Sackton: Thank you for your time after I think.
Mike Sackton: We have a few more errands tonight and.
Mike Sackton: We are away in the morning to.
Mike Sackton: Ensure that August has layers not left for treasure seekers.
Timothy Sackton: Will you be back for the feast.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we.
Timothy Sackton: drank with you, if if you'll be in town.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we very much hope we will.
Timothy Sackton: That would be.
Timothy Sackton: That would be quite enjoyable for me.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps an arm wrestle.
Timothy Sackton: I bet I could beat you all.
David (he/him): I bet I could beat you with the xp graces.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm not gonna race you on a MAC speak not if you can ride that one I don't know how you got him so well tamed he led a pack of horses here 40 miles across the desert just showed up one day.
David (he/him): so tragically misunderstood.
Timothy Sackton: I guess so.
Timothy Sackton: Smart.
there.
John Leeker: God wonders if as an xp key could beat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Well, good luck on your missions, I am glad you are the one who is doing it, I am.
Timothy Sackton: Not keen to handle her strange brand of magic I have no idea how you managed to kill that fake creature.
Timothy Sackton: beyond me.
David (he/him): Your full of holes into law is blood falls out.
Timothy Sackton: My experience that doesn't always work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was that one.
David (he/him): I said you poke it full of holes to other blood falls out but but for my part, at least the thanks it's really do to you, without this bow string I wouldn't have contributed anything to that fight, my gratitude.
Timothy Sackton: wow that is good to hear and i'm sure Come on, as spirit rest easy.
Timothy Sackton: Seeing the valor that her weapon has brought.
Timothy Sackton: I will be sure to say an extra prayer for her at the feast.
Timothy Sackton: In your honor.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: I must.
Timothy Sackton: check in on my man and.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: check in on the patrols the centers have still been manning patrols, but I hear from the.
Timothy Sackton: priests rakuten this may not be longer necessary much longer.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: All my band will be certainly quite relieved to hear that Alaska has already road you may have heard to.
Timothy Sackton: Bring the.
Timothy Sackton: refugees back and.
Timothy Sackton: Just rebuild this town.
we've heard.
Mike Sackton: I suppose the main thing you need for rebuilding is.
Mike Sackton: Labor and materials, but.
Mike Sackton: Would funding.
Mike Sackton: It help to have some.
Mike Sackton: Some.
Mike Sackton: jam or gold, you could barter.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I think everybody will contribute what they can.
Timothy Sackton: The greatest lack is likely to be stone in Earth.
Timothy Sackton: to rebuild the houses that were destroyed by the by the knowles.
Timothy Sackton: Some of your.
Timothy Sackton: Some of the stories i've heard seeker of what you did to fortify the temple would be the most valuable contribution.
Eric Rosenbaum: and be happy to help However, I can.
Timothy Sackton: Are you pointing at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well seekers over here for me.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you're pointing to a black screen, from my perspective.
Mike Sackton: Because right there for up for me.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's get.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Now he says goodbye to you.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You you go meet Dr andros um.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: He greets you with a big smile as well, the new is that a God is dead having clearly reached him.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: He says.
Timothy Sackton: You bring great joy.
Timothy Sackton: We always had a.
Timothy Sackton: uneasy understanding with her, but nothing she ever did anything but misery.
Timothy Sackton: And to have her removed lifts a weight off this land I can feel it already.
Timothy Sackton: We are.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Finish finish we are.
Timothy Sackton: says, we are, we are eager to continue our journey soon my people won't be staying much longer.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: You have you have done much I see, and I feel too.
Timothy Sackton: Slow at least or stop the spread of whatever corruption lies on the land to the east.
Timothy Sackton: This is twice now that you have.
Timothy Sackton: embarked and succeeded on a mission that.
Timothy Sackton: put yourselves in great danger but.
Timothy Sackton: brought.
Timothy Sackton: blessing and healing to the land of toggle itself.
Timothy Sackton: And the land.
Timothy Sackton: The land as you adapt.
Timothy Sackton: And I would.
Timothy Sackton: I would repay that, in part, for myself.
Timothy Sackton: If you were to accept any he sort of reaches reaches into a back yes long over like the hardest part of his back and he brings out five.
Timothy Sackton: pieces of what looked like sort of petrified wood.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sort of craggy and and slightly twisted and parts are not like you know the big tree is right, but it's almost like a petrified little bit of a twisting branch.
Timothy Sackton: And hands one to each of you, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: These are.
Timothy Sackton: modes of faith.
Timothy Sackton: They are a gift from the land and they.
Timothy Sackton: They will let you change fate.
Timothy Sackton: You can use they can only be used once.
Timothy Sackton: But when you need them keep these in mind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Change fit how what it, what do you mean.
Timothy Sackton: So in D amp D mechanical terms, this is basically at their their Indian the beyond as motive fate they get their one use only you can.
Timothy Sackton: whenever you roll the 20 you can choose to use the and you don't like the result you can choose to use this one and roll again.
Timothy Sackton: that's a one use only redo of any day 20 roll.
David (he/him): that's mo.
Timothy Sackton: mo ti amo te of fate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just said, do you know our what's his name again the dress.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dress dress do you know why a gotta wanted to remove the protective powers which cocoon Do you know what their motivation was.
Timothy Sackton: I never understood her motivations.
Timothy Sackton: She always wanted more.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: wanted.
Timothy Sackton: misery to spread.
Timothy Sackton: My people have never cared for.
Timothy Sackton: Collecting.
Timothy Sackton: stuff we ride light and we depend on the land to provide for us, and it does and her.
Timothy Sackton: gathering of bits of history and people's souls and.
Timothy Sackton: slaves and.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever else she kept in that dark.
Timothy Sackton: Part of hers.
Timothy Sackton: Wherever she lived.
Timothy Sackton: None of that ever made any sense to me.
Mike Sackton: thunder.
Mike Sackton: Crisis i'll show well.
The.
Mike Sackton: i'll show them the.
Mike Sackton: 3003 doll creature things and i'll describe what we saw with do my do you know how to break this curse.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you just described.
Timothy Sackton: How, you are magic broke the curse.
Mike Sackton: That seems you know any other ways.
Timothy Sackton: Strong magic can usually be defeated by strong magic and my experience.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not i'm not familiar with this specific EVO of a goddess.
Timothy Sackton: We have avoided her as much as we can her squabbles with these people were never worth our attention, passing through here only occasionally on our long migrations.
Timothy Sackton: I don't even know if I mean.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: A curse a corruption of some kind, still sits on the land far to the east, has not been hit healed since the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: I don't not know if or whether a gotta played a role in this, but my sense is she did not.
Timothy Sackton: This is a.
Timothy Sackton: A larger evil.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: After effective show much death that has lingered spreading its.
Timothy Sackton: tendrils of corruption into the land.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The gotta I will not say she was beneath my attention, for she was evil in her own way.
Timothy Sackton: But, like most evil that comes to tell gar.
Timothy Sackton: She was the kind that would spread mischief for a time, perhaps a long time, but then pass, leaving no trace.
Timothy Sackton: Except on the.
Timothy Sackton: People she hurt, but not on the land itself.
Timothy Sackton: And so.
Timothy Sackton: She was never mind worry.
Mike Sackton: If we already asked him about crush.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and he didn't really know anything about gosh.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can ask them as to what's that cloak.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah that quote that cuts off the gods sweet did we find that coke that cuts off was the deal with the club.
Mike Sackton: I suddenly remembered, it is our God, who is looking for it.
Mike Sackton: Yes, let's ask that.
Timothy Sackton: That seems quite powerful but.
Timothy Sackton: Remember the gods are not.
Timothy Sackton: Of concern to us either.
Timothy Sackton: The land is our creator.
Timothy Sackton: gods are.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously, they are important, but they.
Timothy Sackton: they're they're not my.
Timothy Sackton: care.
Timothy Sackton: The seems like something that those who fight and struggle with the gods would care about are those who seek to become gods somehow.
Timothy Sackton: But these battles happen in metaphysical realms that are far removed from this physical Earth.
David (he/him): surrenders when the land changes does that change what it means to be one of your people.
David (he/him): When new mountain ranges come when countries disappear.
Timothy Sackton: We are always.
Timothy Sackton: Changing not just.
Timothy Sackton: In such dramatic ways as you.
Timothy Sackton: State.
Timothy Sackton: But the journey changes one as well, does it not.
Timothy Sackton: traveling from the desert, so the grassland to the forest the mountains, one cannot remain the same person.
Timothy Sackton: In all those places.
Timothy Sackton: it's not obvious to you.
Timothy Sackton: I think you may have something of our spirit about you well be.
David (he/him): It will be an honor to journey together someday.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: halfway there.
Timothy Sackton: A curious folk and often the most interesting to talk to have all the other races in my experience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You journey now their address.
Timothy Sackton: We had West and then north.
Timothy Sackton: into the forests for the next stage of our lives.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What.
Eventually.
Timothy Sackton: Eventually, will reach the far north and perhaps cross the mountains, again, or perhaps turn South we'll see who we are, when we reach there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What of the corruptions of East.
Timothy Sackton: I would love to know more of it.
Timothy Sackton: Should you learn any.
Timothy Sackton: Information about.
Timothy Sackton: What caused it and what can.
Timothy Sackton: heal it.
Timothy Sackton: I would be.
Timothy Sackton: It would be honored to receive that information.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can we contact you, is there a way for us to stay in contact.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you have some magic that can reach across great distances none that i'm aware of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other BC us to to communicate.
David (he/him): Sorry, other character did this guy's going to the dream realm.
Timothy Sackton: vaguely remember they're not they're really I mean so satire is like their whole deal is they are really solidly they're like the the guardians of the.
Timothy Sackton: Prime material plane like tell gar itself and they know of the ECHO realms and the dream world and the firewall, but they do not like to travel there they they're solidly grounded in the land.
Timothy Sackton: They do have.
Timothy Sackton: They do have sort of experience with prophecy and faith but that's not necessarily connect to the dream world it's.
Timothy Sackton: So no not really.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: 30 seconds.
Mike Sackton: scroll of sending from kendra so.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how many has left but yeah I mean it's a useful thing to have around.
Timothy Sackton: Apparently, get more into okra.
Mike Sackton: Right, but if we go East to figure out what mean we should move on to the conversation but we're going.
Timothy Sackton: That yes.
Mike Sackton: we're not going to be to craft for in the east hunting, the great crazy bad thing.
Timothy Sackton: trail.
David (he/him): What.
David (he/him): i'm trying to think of a better question nevermind come back to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a way that centers communicate across great distances.
Timothy Sackton: We leave messages and places sometimes.
Timothy Sackton: i'd be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do something similar with you.
Timothy Sackton: If you need to reach me, for some reason, and you find another Center or.
Timothy Sackton: They may know, they may know how to leave me a message.
Timothy Sackton: But it will take time for messages to travel.
Timothy Sackton: There is no way around that except by magic.
Timothy Sackton: Right, yes, find the Center.
Timothy Sackton: They will know, at least where to leave a message that I will eventually find.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, should we show him the items the magic items.
Mike Sackton: I want to do you think he can help us identify some of them is that.
Mike Sackton: can hurt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: john does you know anything about.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no he does he does like recognize he does note the sector seems very powerful.
Timothy Sackton: But otherwise, and he does he so as you've been I should also just add as you've been.
Timothy Sackton: Like looking at these items to more and studying them, I mean he reacts like so the boots are are clearly have done ma ma m as as the as as the brass ring with the garnet.
Timothy Sackton: Some of these things are are are older, the message the message stones and the braided gold band seem to be and the sector, probably.
Timothy Sackton: Our old possibly drink Korean or or something like that the doll silver ring is is dwarf n.
Timothy Sackton: m.
Timothy Sackton: And the I mean he reacts kind of in horror, to the necklace of tongues.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Any things that looks like a got one of a goddess twisted creations.
Timothy Sackton: um same with the bottle the bottle that makes the constant buzzing noise and the spider in case to the amber like those those three things in particular he he feels he kind of is squeamish and skeptical of.
Timothy Sackton: But he doesn't know anything specific about any of them.
Mike Sackton: So he thought the gold ring and the.
Mike Sackton: The gold ring and the SAP toward drink Korean and the other ring and the boots word were done Mari.
Timothy Sackton: I mean drain Korean just as a stand in for like old.
Timothy Sackton: Right, whether they were made by drank or found by drink or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry.
Mike Sackton: there's five items that are not creepy and evil and three items that are creepy.
Mike Sackton: plus the fly, not including the flyer the message sins.
Timothy Sackton: And the centipedes which are the score pals which are still in a pouch which.
Mike Sackton: Does he.
Mike Sackton: What does he think of the scorpion.
David (he/him): Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's ask him.
Timothy Sackton: Nice, I mean he thinks they look creepy and weird he thinks they're probably are magical anything's you probably should avoid them.
Timothy Sackton: Even though they don't register to detect magic he does mentioned that there are many.
Timothy Sackton: Things that can hide the signal of magic.
David (he/him): What was going to ask him so 300 says.
David (he/him): As tied to the land, as you are embodying the land, as you are and.
David (he/him): looking into the future and the flow of the past in the land is at chips the future.
David (he/him): Where will this land change next, whereas the next great change.
Timothy Sackton: sort of closes his eyes for a moment and he says.
Timothy Sackton: The future is clouded.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: feel we are at a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Where many changes are possible next.
Timothy Sackton: Whether healing.
Timothy Sackton: or further evil, I cannot clearly see.
Timothy Sackton: But I.
Timothy Sackton: feel optimistic strangely.
Timothy Sackton: This is the moment when things turn.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe the future is clouded, as I say.
Timothy Sackton: I have felt optimistic for a while, though in.
Timothy Sackton: spite of circumstance.
Mike Sackton: But some.
Mike Sackton: Go show them.
Mike Sackton: To the mirror and then.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So who wants to so remember the way the mirror works, you can ask one question to try and guide what you see can make a wisdom check to.
Timothy Sackton: try and control how close to your vision, you get and then you see stuff that may or may not answer your question, depending on how you rolled.
Timothy Sackton: That you'll see stuff, no matter what So if you are poorly doesn't mean you don't see anything it just means you might see something totally unrelated to your question.
David (he/him): inspirational and rural.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will do that yep.
Mike Sackton: what's our question, though.
Mike Sackton: We trying to see the where are we trying to see.
Timothy Sackton: The question is really more of trying to guide a time.
Timothy Sackton: or a place in the history of the object, I want to see so like and it can't be a super specific, but it can be like you know early in its you know early in its creation or.
Timothy Sackton: What was the last thing that happened to it, or where was it before we found that things like that.
David (he/him): isn't too big to ask a question like what's the story of the last person to hold this.
Mike Sackton: know how we dealt with.
David (he/him): Well, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Three or four right.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can ask, as you can ask whatever question you want is just the.
Timothy Sackton: broader and more general it is the less the more leeway have to not actually answer your question, even if you will wow.
David (he/him): there's a pedal it is such a powerful item.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're gonna we're gonna do the hassling figurine right.
Mike Sackton: I thought we could actually I thought we're going to do the sector, but maybe.
Mike Sackton: Senator dreams better.
Eric Rosenbaum: It it will tell us more about a gotta probably, then the sector itself right.
Mike Sackton: What if we What if we asked what if we tried to ask it how that.
Mike Sackton: hassling figuring came to be.
yeah.
John Leeker: um.
John Leeker: Is there any benefit to asking about one of the other ones, since we have some context for the hassling we know the half flings recent we know.
John Leeker: Everything memory, the other two are.
John Leeker: Older close.
John Leeker: That and we don't did agatha create them that you inherit them, we have more of an idea of the half laying.
Eric Rosenbaum: That no that's a really good point john in the others may be more interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But just to go back to the Center for a second that's kind of a God says like main tool right that's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My God for like all of her bitch slapping manipulating like controlling people shit so it's like that's like her main thing so.
Eric Rosenbaum: But she might have just like recently stolen that from somebody or something I.
Mike Sackton: doubt it it, it seems it's probably where she gets a lot of her voted a charm right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what I would guess I would guess that it's like kind of her go to weapon that she's been using for a long time.
Mike Sackton: She seemed very upset to not have it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's something weird about it, that we can build on which will not using it dangerous which I kind of like but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah so there's some aspect of it that, like Oh, should we even be keeping around like you know, is it going to slowly corrupt this over to keep it in our venue right.
Mike Sackton: So I wonder if it would also be more likely to show us that the.
Eric Rosenbaum: One of the figures right like I look on his face.
Mike Sackton: One of the.
Timothy Sackton: Most of these are totally awesome and I can't wait till you choose one and roll.
Mike Sackton: figures we.
Mike Sackton: tell us more about our gut says.
Mike Sackton: Evil and what she was doing but probably less about her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which one.
Mike Sackton: The figures would tell us, I don't think if we tried to find out how the figure came to be we probably find out a lot more, but i'll get to it but less about her where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think yes.
Mike Sackton: I would go for the sector.
John Leeker: About.
John Leeker: The tongues that's, the only thing she created right this character sheet acceptor she inherited stole found discovered the two two of the three dolls are ambiguous origin.
John Leeker: But the ones, are we know she created it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we know.
Timothy Sackton: It well dressed bochy created that but that's just his speculation you don't really.
Timothy Sackton: know that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might see the.
Each of the victims.
John Leeker: And it.
Mike Sackton: Just feels more.
Timothy Sackton: guys make a decision you have 30 seconds.
Mike Sackton: After sector.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sector fine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Chris honey, with a good wisdom make their wisdom.
check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm saving thrower.
Mike Sackton: Now just you're.
Timothy Sackton: Just a crack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at it.
David (he/him): But.
John Leeker: I haven't.
John Leeker: I haven't enhance ability that I could enhance wisdom would that be useful.
Timothy Sackton: I will give you advantage on the check.
John Leeker: So I can give this to anybody I can just get in touch.
David (he/him): yeah Kong I think you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it.
Timothy Sackton: With inside.
Timothy Sackton: inspiration advantage and bardic inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright sweet, what are we asking.
Mike Sackton: I think we're going with the story of the last.
Mike Sackton: One who wielded it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay let's do that.
John Leeker: boy just didn't we see her wielded.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's her story.
John Leeker: her story okay to.
Mike Sackton: wield it to avoid it being like dealt with.
John Leeker: Oh got it.
John Leeker: Sorry yeah also the mirror is nude intercom so he is both i'm curious and very uneasy about all the weird shit you guys do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so make a wisdom check with advantage, and then you can add your bardic inspiration to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just one day.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, here we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh sorry it's loading thing I guess come on okay they're all.
yep now.
Here it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh Fuck.
Mike Sackton: Well, your.
Timothy Sackton: advantage well again.
David (he/him): Oh no.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have inspiration to.
Timothy Sackton: Now I gta.
Come on man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: You hold on.
Timothy Sackton: This is.
Timothy Sackton: You hold up the soccer.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, finally.
Timothy Sackton: You hold up the saboteur i'm concentrating on the story of the last person who welded they're trying to get the mirror to show you some glimpses of a goddess life.
Timothy Sackton: And you see.
Timothy Sackton: You see, for a moment, you see a gotta holding the saboteur and.
Timothy Sackton: kind of like a you know you're looking up from the perspective of the sector at her face and she just has this look of power and joy on her face as she grabs hold of this and, as she as she is grasping hold of it, she then looks up and you can see, passing past.
Timothy Sackton: The the saboteur a scroll case.
Timothy Sackton: that she is handing to somebody or something.
Timothy Sackton: And some words being spoken, but you can't make out what the words are um.
Mike Sackton: This isn't the scroll case that we saw.
Timothy Sackton: It is this goal case that you saw before.
Before.
Mike Sackton: The one that created the demon summoning stuff right.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: At ravens holds you're saying.
Timothy Sackton: That the mirror and the saboteur have other ideas and you feel yourself being pulled further back in time.
Timothy Sackton: You see a brief moment of.
Timothy Sackton: fire and destruction, as you are hanging unused from the.
Timothy Sackton: belt of some enormous creature stomping through a city that you recognize as Carson.
Timothy Sackton: A giant swinging a flaming.
Timothy Sackton: axe destroying buildings and you feel you can almost feel through the.
Timothy Sackton: Through the mirror this.
Timothy Sackton: Deep anger at just sitting unused.
Timothy Sackton: At the on the belt of some dumb brute.
Eric Rosenbaum: I bet Okay, I have.
Timothy Sackton: And then you are pulled further back in time.
Timothy Sackton: swirling through darkness until you see an image of.
Timothy Sackton: A city laid out before you.
Timothy Sackton: A vast city.
Timothy Sackton: pyramids rising up huge monuments i'm a massive a massive open square in front of you, and you are standing.
Timothy Sackton: You are looking down at this army.
Timothy Sackton: i'm about.
Timothy Sackton: 10,000 maybe 5000 people fitting into this Square.
Timothy Sackton: And you are raised up a cloak around your shoulders.
Timothy Sackton: Like almost a sort of shimmering almost illusionary cloak of multicolored Hughes resting on your shoulders the mantle in your hand and the words coming out of your mouth.
Timothy Sackton: animate the arm is below you.
Timothy Sackton: And as you, you can't hear the words you just.
Mike Sackton: See animate Oh, I know that I just have to clarify something animate like make them happy and animated or animate like they are dead, and this.
Timothy Sackton: Is no, no, make them.
Timothy Sackton: happen again, and they did like there are cheering and warring has, as you speak everybody's pumping their spirit slamming spirits on shields Fleming stars, you see rank after rank after rank of.
Timothy Sackton: People wearing the helmets that dealt with used to wear that he wore for a time before it disintegrated in the battle with I gotta.
Mike Sackton: You silly drink Korean right.
Timothy Sackton: That was during Courtney and.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: i'm and and you see.
Timothy Sackton: That like the saboteur raised and then i'm the army's turn and begin to march um you had their head.
Timothy Sackton: marching through.
Timothy Sackton: rolling fields.
Timothy Sackton: And then you swirl even further back in time.
Timothy Sackton: And you see a figure a.
Timothy Sackton: Probably drank Korean as far as you can tell from their features i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: sharp eyes dark hair.
Timothy Sackton: looks looks looks sort of like like like Dennis or in the in the Lord of the Rings movies, like that sort of old but sort of powerful and maybe not super wise.
Timothy Sackton: And he is.
Timothy Sackton: He is holding the saboteur and it looks like completely newly created he is at the top of a tower a.
Timothy Sackton: Black tower standing on a circular island nothing else around at the only things stretching out of the out of the sea, the waves crashing around this perfectly circular island does black this person standing on the top of this black tower is that, and then the mirror of fades to black.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was great TIM, thank you for that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well done.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, your old though you got different information that you.
Timothy Sackton: wanted actually i'm very happy all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The way there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it was awesome it was the story of the Center itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo kenzo is like kind of just staring at the mirror, just like stun and just staring staring at he's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I dream of this Tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dreams.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not connected to rise it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Can we go to a regular island in high school this feels really familiar to me a familiar.
Mike Sackton: Yes, i'm sure there was apparently search your island somewhere nice cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like burned into.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your damn years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That don't tell us what it is that because I don't remember what.
Mike Sackton: I don't remember anything other than that.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's wonderful.
Timothy Sackton: I told you fan service.
David (he/him): you're telling you about a gotcha gotcha is there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh didn't we all watch that didn't we all see it.
David (he/him): yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah you cannot.
Mike Sackton: You cannot we can all see.
Mike Sackton: It it literally shows in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's why you can't hear any sounds because you just see.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it seems that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I gotta sold that powerful scroll case.
Eric Rosenbaum: or traded it for the sector to someone who had found it perhaps in Carson where it was abandoned by a fire giant.
Mike Sackton: we're pretty sure Carson was destroyed by the fire giant invasion of about.
Timothy Sackton: Like 200 years.
Mike Sackton: 200 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: It was very early after the great war.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, a fire Dan brought it there and it's only.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holding the sector like this, this this sector was used by the drink Korean kings to.
Eric Rosenbaum: to lead their armies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
And let's create.
Eric Rosenbaum: A great wizard.
Eric Rosenbaum: legend legendary what did.
Timothy Sackton: You see, early on that sorry if I wasn't clear the person who you saw creating it was the same as the person you saw leading the army.
David (he/him): Did you see that that like somehow we got the impression that the separator was itself unhappy not to be used by one of its owners.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it has some sentience actually.
Timothy Sackton: wow I mean this is just a vague impression of a reflection in a mirror but yes, it seemed you got a very distinct sense that it was.
Timothy Sackton: It was disappointed or or angry it just being.
Timothy Sackton: dropped to the side of some giant fire ax wielding fire giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what you're saying is, we need to construct some kind of problem that can only be solved by leading an army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what this means is that this may be, this also maybe what garage has been looking for.
David (he/him): With the charge on ian's have been looking forward to raise a new drink Korean empire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whoever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whoever is holding this now that we hold this there may be very powerful entities seeking it.
David (he/him): To my message to you yeah now that they know once people know a God is dead.
David (he/him): and
Mike Sackton: The urgency of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Getting to where nobody knows who killed her.
David (he/him): yeah the day.
Mike Sackton: Before everybody within 100 miles from know in a week.
Mike Sackton: And don't know uncharted in.
Mike Sackton: Six weeks.
Mike Sackton: we'll just tell travels fast.
David (he/him): Maybe she left the sutra at home.
Mike Sackton: Whether they know she even had presumably they don't know she has this thing.
Mike Sackton: I gotta.
Eric Rosenbaum: What did she get it, she buy it from for that scroll case.
Mike Sackton: We didn't get it.
Mike Sackton: But we knew who had that didn't some.
Mike Sackton: devil white creature have the scroll case.
Timothy Sackton: A devil created the scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then we found it.
Timothy Sackton: You found it so.
somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody a devil created the school and somehow a data apparently got at and then traded it to somebody else who then used it to summon a demon who created a no army and ravens hold.
Eric Rosenbaum: The good thing that person that created a no army didn't also have the sector.
Eric Rosenbaum: We also don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: If army.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know who that was.
Mike Sackton: there's no evidence that that person was in ravens like we don't think we actually fought that person right.
Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM how's the what's the Kansas drank Korean history like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yes, I mean you've learned some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who are who are the who are like the legendary drink Korean kings like who sceptre was this you know, like like this is probably like a pretty fucking legendary like they're probably like some pretty historic you know.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm.
Timothy Sackton: make a make a history check.
Timothy Sackton: it's not actually like common knowledge part of drink or a in history.
Eric Rosenbaum: Its effects might be attributed to the personality of the leader.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: negative things.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you know.
Timothy Sackton: or anything I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your obvious first thought is there must be something in the.
Timothy Sackton: archives of the locking miss die that would clue you in on this.
David (he/him): I think tokers and our future yeah lunar race.
John Leeker: The Center.
John Leeker: recognize that the sector was draconian.
John Leeker: And the Center also set the goal during is your calling in.
Timothy Sackton: um so so I was, I was sort of summarizing both.
Timothy Sackton: Their addresses observations, and I mean seeker is knows a lot of history, you spend a lot of time kind of looking at these over the past three days just kind of a general summary of what the collective intelligence of everybody who's examine these items.
Eric Rosenbaum: But yes it's.
Timothy Sackton: clear that the the gold ring is also drink Korean.
Timothy Sackton: I mean drank is also the source of lots of magic right.
Mike Sackton: Not every drink Korean item is a ancient powerful article.
Mike Sackton: The writings they made for all hundred and 50 people in the elite guard or whatever right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I got it good or bad person.
Mike Sackton: But I do too I.
Eric Rosenbaum: were deciding where we're going to go next.
Timothy Sackton: So, yes let's try and.
Timothy Sackton: delyth is try and spend 10 minutes talking about where you're going to go next after we do a goddess.
Timothy Sackton: which will do next sessions.
Mike Sackton: The mysteries to deal with all seem to be in the East.
Mike Sackton: Carson and.
Mike Sackton: further east.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the rising powers in the West.
Mike Sackton: The target audience are roaming this desert why the.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: Fish MAS initiates and perhaps even this bry the great hero did something in the desert to the east y.
Mike Sackton: del when I fell from the sky by Carson why.
It.
Mike Sackton: There is something out there that.
Mike Sackton: seems.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we can reach Dimitar in through Dimitar.
David (he/him): wouldn't end.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh curiosity that potentially gets us all killed.
Mike Sackton: I don't think the Great War is quite over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I to have two motivations one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hope to stay in carwash long enough to complete my initiation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still seek the secrets of the jade and understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What it was that I was trying to accomplish and it seems I agree dealt with that there is some connection between whatever he was up to whatever he was planning with the initiative.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, whatever may be the creeping corruption to the east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The answers to unlocking those mysteries may not actually be in the East, they may be into the West.
agree.
David (he/him): i'm all for going east.
David (he/him): But I think it's wise for us to go to Tokyo first I think it's wise for us to find maps of the territory that we're going into.
David (he/him): I think it would be interesting to see whether the Chair donations passed through Tokyo, or whether all these individual teams are meeting up there we'd be close enough behind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I lived in toker many years, I know it well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are archives.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There will be maps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The logins may have more information now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, indeed, there may be some answers there.
Timothy Sackton: there's also the rumor of soka the master of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah the fish.
Timothy Sackton: missed I the best man, Mr who did not go.
Timothy Sackton: East with the route, right now, supposedly lives North America.
David (he/him): That would be interesting.
Mike Sackton: That would be interesting.
Mike Sackton: and remind me what we know about profit cars is the charts chart only installed them right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah presumption is the Charter onions.
Timothy Sackton: liberated them and took them to chart and.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was kind of really know anything about what happened.
and
Mike Sackton: If toe cries the first stop on the way east.
Mike Sackton: It certainly seems.
Mike Sackton: reasonable.
Mike Sackton: To go there.
Eric Rosenbaum: isn't it West.
Mike Sackton: West yeah yes, it therefore it's the first stop on the way east.
Timothy Sackton: Talca is it's not that far so from Kerala it's it's about 220 200 ish miles, which is like closer than Carson is from here, and much better travel conditions there's a there's a an old drink Korean Trade road that runs from the go matt oasis which is northeast of terroir to.
Timothy Sackton: To toker so the you know the refugees, made it in like 15 days traveling slowly, you can make it in.
Timothy Sackton: A week, if you pushed.
Timothy Sackton: or or even faster, if you like, abandoned all your gear and just rode really hard.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think.
Mike Sackton: toker may be the wisest next move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well before we mean what are the other options heading straight East going to drink or going to Carson going to the a while.
David (he/him): But what you have to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go to Tokyo anyways.
Mike Sackton: I guess another option would be to seek out these char donations, but.
Mike Sackton: I do not.
Mike Sackton: wish to get a mashed in a chart Ionian disputes until it.
Mike Sackton: is needed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I can almost assure you that there are many, many charter Indians through to grow and we can learn more I still have some connections there some relationships there, we can learn more about what the Charter in the incident up to there.
Timothy Sackton: As far as have done new the group that left here for three days ago was heading to toker up, I mean that would be the obvious next stop if they're going back to chart and they'd have to pass through to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: secret, what do you think.
Eric Rosenbaum: kind of understand what problems in the world, we might solve.
Eric Rosenbaum: And i'm not sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm also thinking about raising an army.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not my usual.
Eric Rosenbaum: way of working, but all of a sudden seems dramatically easier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hearing this stuff.
David (he/him): yeah I think it's important for secret not to have the sector.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you mean.
Mike Sackton: I need it.
Mike Sackton: I would carry it.
Mike Sackton: i'm not a servant there she might.
know you more that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He did with the one non spell caster with me or well.
David (he/him): I think you know more than any of us what war really means and would be the least tempted of any of us to use it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me.
Mike Sackton: know now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, with well, it can be used for for many things for manipulating and shaping the.
Eric Rosenbaum: behavior of people and crowds.
Mike Sackton: It it seems worth exploring cautiously what it can do, but I would be hesitant.
Mike Sackton: To try to use it deeper powers, without significant greater understanding.
David (he/him): So with our other those among your people who would know it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: were covered it.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: There are there are elves who.
Mike Sackton: lived in drink or who visited drink or we've been fought with drink or still alive.
Mike Sackton: For alongside drink or there's no Elf drink or wars that i'm wearing.
Mike Sackton: Their.
Mike Sackton: reclusive and hard to find.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did I gotta use the thing against us in the battle.
Timothy Sackton: You cast he.
Timothy Sackton: Was the very beginning.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: He wanted to add a bunch of.
John Leeker: times but.
Timothy Sackton: He found their save and drop that.
Timothy Sackton: Down with picked it up and that was that.
Timothy Sackton: Man my one of my most fun toys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well then, stunning due to their a bunch of things that got kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lucky for us right.
Mike Sackton: Now that's done was like.
Mike Sackton: That was epically important.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What of what of your path.
Timothy Sackton: I think john it's frozen.
John Leeker: Oh, what.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you think we should do yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'd one of your.
John Leeker: card is returning home to the mountains, but it also hopes.
John Leeker: You can continue finding who's threatening this area.
John Leeker: Because this evil moves and it impacts many, many communities.
John Leeker: it's connected.
John Leeker: Mountains are far away from here, but still connected, and it goes in all the directions.
Mike Sackton: I think, in the absence of a more.
Mike Sackton: compelling plan or an urgent reason to do otherwise when we return from the gotchas layer and after the festival.
Mike Sackton: And after kenzo continues to set gets the three you only need two more.
Mike Sackton: where's the where's the initiate where's the monastery of shit yeah there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a one volume cydia.
Timothy Sackton: holly there's actually there's actually four more because you've got.
Mike Sackton: OSHA una.
Timothy Sackton: una and.
Timothy Sackton: cocoon and and.
Timothy Sackton: and be smart but sort of demi gods.
Mike Sackton: They only like half count.
Timothy Sackton: But it's like that they're like the family.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you have mom and daughter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somebody three this is pretty good.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I think heading to token and.
Mike Sackton: Seeking perhaps what's your name Sammy Sammy sama.
Mike Sackton: saka saka.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Mike Sackton: And and seeing what we can learn from the archives and toker of of the.
Mike Sackton: Of the East is.
David (he/him): I feel like we're entering into a time of curiosity that up until this moment I feel like we've been driven by immediate threat by existential threat.
David (he/him): And now that the protections are in place it's it's not that there's any less of a new God trying to rise in Carson but.
David (he/him): But the danger isn't as imminent it's no longer hours uniquely we're no longer the only ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: And now that we've earned some wealth and gain some power to control others, we can do the natural next thing, which is to start a secret research institute.
David (he/him): So, to finish my thought, which is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry well.
David (he/him): I like there are no bad ideas and brainstorming.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where you're headed with this.
David (he/him): No, no i'm I mean I would love to go to the wild and I can't do it on my own, probably because I die so i'm certainly on the lookout for a way to convince the three of you, that we should, because I think it'd be so fun oh my God what's there can you even make a map of it, I.
Mike Sackton: Can you leave what will you spend 1000 years there and and never return.
David (he/him): You do if you are living proof that being trapped somewhere for hundreds of years works out okay.
David (he/him): So so but, but what I what I mean by that genuinely is, I think that we should go to Tokyo, I think we should learn from the old master I think we should tease out some of these ties and then make our plans to head East again.
Mike Sackton: Very well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very well.
Timothy Sackton: sounds as a son fats and you all had deer beds ready for.
Timothy Sackton: The night's sleep and the next journey we will stop there.